=== PRESS RELEASE ===

EX-99.1 ma03312026-exx991xearnings.htm EX-99.1 Document Earnings Release Mastercard Incorporated Reports First Quarter 2026 Financial Results • First qu arter net inc ome of $3.9 billion, and diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $4.35 • First quarter adjusted net income of $4.1 billion, and adjusted diluted EPS of $4.60 • First quarter net reven ue of $8.4 billion, an increase of 16%, or 12% on a currency-neutral basis • First quarter gross dollar volume up 7% and purchase volume up 9%, on a local currency basis Purchase, NY - April 30, 2026 - Mastercard Incorporated (NYSE: MA) today announced financial results for the first quarter 2026. “Mastercard is diversified, future-ready, and delivering. In Q1, net revenue increased 16%, and value-added services and solutions grew 22% year over year — or 12% and 18% respectively on a currency-neutral basis. Building on our strong foundation, we’re advancing agentic commerce with Mastercard Agent Pay and expanding our stablecoin solutions through the planned acquisition of BVNK. We’re well positioned to capture the next wave of digital payments growth and continue to support secure commerce around the world.” — Michael Miebach, CEO Quarterly Results First Quarter Operating Results Increase / (Decrease) $ in billions, except per share data Q1 2026 Q1 2025 Reported GAAP Currency-neutral Net revenue $8.4 $7.3 16% 12% Operating expenses $3.5 $3.1 13% 10% Operating income $4.9 $4.1 18% 13% Operating margin 58.4% 57.2% 1.2 ppt 0.6 ppt Effective income tax rate 19.3% 18.6% 0.7 ppt 0.6 ppt Net income $3.9 $3.3 18% 13% Diluted EPS $4.35 $3.59 21% 16% Key First Quarter Non-GAAP Results Increase / (Decrease) $ in billions, except per share data Q1 2026 Q1 2025 As adjusted Currency-neutral Net revenue $8.4 $7.3 16% 12% Adjusted operating expenses $3.3 $3.0 11% 9% Adjusted operating margin 60.8% 59.3% 1.5 ppt 1.0 ppt Adjusted effective income tax rate 19.2% 19.1% 0.1 ppt 0.1 ppt Adjusted net income $4.1 $3.4 20% 15% Adjusted diluted EPS $4.60 $3.73 23% 18% The Key First Quarter Non-GAAP Results exclude the impact of gains and losses on the company’s equity investments, special items as described on page 10 (“First Quarter Special Items”) and/or the translational and transactional impact of currency and the related impact of the company’s foreign exchange derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments (specifically those that manage the impact of foreign currency variability on anticipated revenues and expenses). See page 10 for the company’s non-GAAP adjustments and the reconciliation to GAAP reported amounts. Q1 2026 Key Business Drivers (YoY growth) Gross dollar volume Cross-border volume Switched transactions (local currency basis) (local currency basis) up 7% up 13% up 9% The following information is provided to aid in understanding Mastercard’s first quarter 2026 results, versus the year ago period. • Net revenue increased 16%, or 12% on a currency-neutral basis versus the comparable period in 2025. This increase was attributable to growth in our payment network and value-added services and solutions. ▪ Payment network net revenue increased 12%, or 8% on a currency-neutral basis. Primary drivers of the increase were as follows: • Gross dollar volume growth of 7%, on a local currency basis, to $2.7 trillion. • Cross-border volume gro wth of 13% on a local currency basis. • Switched transactions growth of 9%. This increase in payment network net revenue includes growth in payment network rebates and incentives provided to customers. Payment network rebates and incentives increased 23%, or 19% on a currency-neutral basis, primarily due to an increase in our key drivers, as well as new and renewed deals. ▪ Value-added service s and solutions net revenue increased 22%, or 18% on a currency-neutral basis. The increase was driven primarily by growth in our underlying key drivers, our security solutions, digital and authentication solutions, business and market insights and consumer acquisition and engagement services, and pricing. • Total operating expenses increased 13% as compared to the same period in 2025, primarily due to higher general and administrative expenses which included a restructuring charge in the first quarter of 2026, partially offset by lower litigation provisions. Excluding the impact of First Quarter Special Items, adjusted operating expenses increased 11%, or 9% on a currency-neutral basis, primarily due to higher general and administrative expenses. • Other income (expense) was favorable by $23 million versus the year ago period, primarily due to government grant agreements executed in the fourth quarter 2025, partially offset by higher net losses on our equity investments year over year. Excluding the impact of net gains and losses on our equity investments, adjusted other income (expense) was favorable by $61 million versus the year ago period primarily due to government grants. • The effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2026 was 19.3%, versus 18.6% for the comparable period in 2025, primarily due to lower net discrete tax benefits in 2026. The adjusted effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2026 was 19.2%, versus 19.1% for the comparable period in 2025. • As of March 31, 2026, the company’s customers had issued 3.7 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards. Return of Capital to Shareholders During the first quarter of 2026, Mastercard re purchased 7.8 million shares at a cost of $4.0 billion and paid $777 million in dividends. Quarter-to-date through April 27, the company repurchased 3.3 million shares at a cost of $1.7 billion, which leaves $11.7 billion remaining under approved share repurchase programs. First Quarter 2026 Financial Results Conference Call Details At 9:00 a.m. ET today, the company will host a conference call to discuss its first quarter 2026 results. The dial-in information for this call is 1-888-330-2508 (Toll-free) and 1-240-789-2735 (Toll dial-in), using passcode 6451878. A replay of the call will be available for 30 days and can be accessed by dialing 1-800-770-2030 (Toll-free) and 1-647-362-9199 (Toll dial-in), using passcode 6451878. A live audio webcast of this call, along with presentation slides, can also be accessed through the Investor Relations section of the company’s website at investor.mastercard.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts may be forward-looking statements. When used in this press release, the words “believe”, “expect”, “could”, “may”, “would”, “will”, “trend” and similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements that relate to the company’s future prospects, developments and business strategies. We caution you to not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, as they speak only as of the date they are made. Except for the company’s ongoing obligations under the U.S. federal securities laws, the company does not intend to update or otherwise revise the forward-looking information to reflect actual results of operations, changes in financial condition, changes in estimates, expectations or assumptions, changes in general economic or industry conditions or other circumstances arising and/or existing since the preparation of this press release or to reflect the occurrence of any unanticipated events. Many factors and uncertainties relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control, influence whether any forward-looking statements can or will be achieved. Any one of those factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in writing in any forward-looking statements made by Mastercard or on its behalf, including, but not limited to, the following factors: • regulation related to the payments industry (including regulatory, legislative and litigation activity with respect to interchange rates and surcharging) • the impact of preferential or protective government actions • regulation of privacy, data, AI, information security and the digital economy • regulation that directly or indirectly applies to us based on our participation in the global payments industry (including anti-money laundering, countering the financing of terrorism, economic sanctions and anti-corruption, account-based payments systems, and issuer and acquirer practices regulation) • the impact of changes in tax laws, as well as regulations and interpretations of such laws or challenges to our tax positions • potential or incurred liability and limitations on business related to any litigation or litigation settlements • the impact of competition in the global payments industry (including disintermediation and pricing pressure) • the challenges relating to rapid technological developments and changes • the challenges relating to operating a real-time account-based payments system and to working with new customers and end users • the impact of information security incidents, account data breaches or service disruptions • issues related to our relationships with our stakeholders (including loss of substantial business from significant customers, competitor relationships with our customers, consolidation amongst our customers, merchants’ continued focus on acceptance costs and unique risks from our work with governments) • the impact of global economic, political, financial and societal events and conditions, including adverse currency fluctuations and foreign exchange controls • reputational impact, including impact related to brand perception and lack of visibility of our brands in products and services • the impact of environmental, social and governance matters and related stakeholder reaction • the inability to attract and retain a highly qualified workforce, or maintain our corporate culture • issues related to acquisition integration, strategic investments and entry into new businesses • exposure to loss or illiquidity due to our role as guarantor as well as other contractual obligations and discretionary actions we may take • issues related to our Class A common stock and corporate governance structure For additional information on these and other factors that could cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from expected results, please see the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 and any subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. About Mastercard (NYSE: MA) Mastercard powers economies and empowers people in more than 220 countries and territories worldwide. Together with our customers, we are building a resilient economy where everyone can prosper. We support a wide range of digital payments choices, making transactions secure, simple, smart and accessible. Our technology and innovation, partnerships and networks combine to deliver a unique set of products and services that help people, businesses and governments realize their greatest potential. www.mastercard.com Contacts: Investor Relations: Media Relations: Devin Corr Seth Eisen investor.relations@mastercard.com Seth.Eisen@mastercard.com 914-249-4565 914-249-3153 Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) Three Months Ended March 31, (in millions, except per share data) Net Revenue $ 8,398 $ 7,250 Operating Expenses: General and administrative 3,039 2,523 Advertising and marketing Depreciation and amortization Provision for litigation — Total operating expenses 3,491 3,101 Operating income 4,907 4,149 Other Income (Expense): Investment income Gains (losses) on equity investments, net (66) (29) Interest expense (185) (182) Other income (expense), net Total other income (expense) (95) (118) Income before income taxes 4,812 4,031 Income tax expense Net Income $ 3,882 $ 3,280 Basic Earnings per Share $ 4.35 $ 3.60 Basic weighted-average shares outstanding Diluted Earnings per Share $ 4.35 $ 3.59 Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) March 31, 2026 December 31, 2025 (in millions, except per share data) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 7,906 $ 10,566 Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents Restricted security deposits held for customers 2,307 2,121 Investments Accounts receivable 4,720 4,609 Settlement assets 2,062 1,626 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 4,639 3,743 Total current assets 22,498 23,558 Property, equipment and right-of-use assets, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of $2,818 and $2,756, respectively 2,349 2,303 Deferred income taxes 1,396 1,567 Goodwill 9,525 9,560 Other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of $3,242 and $3,096, respectively 5,495 5,554 Other assets 11,186 11,615 Total Assets $ 52,449 $ 54,157 Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 1,030 $ Settlement obligations 2,544 2,409 Restricted security deposits held for customers 2,307 2,121 Accrued litigation Accrued expenses 12,327 13,272 Short-term debt 1,748 Other current liabilities 2,639 2,412 Total current liabilities 22,934 22,762 Long-term debt 17,212 18,251 Deferred income taxes Other liabilities 5,250 5,091 Total Liabilities 45,727 46,411 Commitments and Contingencies Stockholders’ Equity Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value; authorized 3,000 shares, 1,406 shares issued and 880 and 887 shares outstanding, respectively — — Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value; authorized 1,200 shares, shares issued and outstanding — — Additional paid-in-capital 6,843 6,907 Class A treasury stock, at cost, 526 and 518 shares, respectively (87,342) (83,224) Retained earnings 88,146 85,035 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (928) (981) Mastercard Incorporated Stockholders' Equity 6,719 7,737 Non-controlling interests Total Equity 6,722 7,746 Total Liabilities and Equity $ 52,449 $ 54,157 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) Three Months Ended March 31, (in millions) Operating Activities Net income $ 3,882 $ 3,280 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Amortization of customer incentives Depreciation and amortization (Gains) losses on equity investments, net Share-based compensation Deferred income taxes Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable (110) (118) Settlement assets (437) (296) Prepaid expenses (2,061) (1,458) Accrued litigation and legal settlements (461) Restricted security deposits held for customers Accounts payable Settlement obligations Accrued expenses (784) Net change in other assets and liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities 2,999 2,380 Investing Activities Purchases of investment securities available-for-sale (68) (119) Purchases of investments held-to-maturity — (8) Proceeds from sales of investment securities available-for-sale Proceeds from maturities of investment securities available-for-sale Proceeds from maturities of investments held-to-maturity Purchases of property and equipment (154) (159) Capitalized software (181) (198) Other investing activities (40) Net cash used in investing activities (362) (340) Financing Activities Purchases of treasury stock (4,035) (2,549) Dividends paid (777) (694) Proceeds from debt, net — 1,242 Payment of debt — (750) Tax withholdings related to share-based payments (204) (277) Cash proceeds from employee stock plans Net cash used in financing activities (5,005) (2,987) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents (116) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents (2,484) (826) Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents - beginning of period 13,248 10,808 Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents - end of period $ 13,248 $ 9,982 Non-GAAP Financial Information Non-GAAP financial information is defined as a numerical measure of a company’s performance that excludes or includes amounts so as to be different than the most comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“GAAP”). Mastercard discloses the following non-GAAP financial measures: adjusted operating expenses, adjusted operating margin, adjusted other income (expense), adjusted effective income tax rate, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share (as well as related applicable growth rates versus the comparable period in the prior year). As described more fully below, these non-GAAP financial measures exclude (where applicable) the impact of gains and losses on the company’s equity investments, which includes mark-to-market fair value adjustments, impairments and gains and losses upon disposition, as well as the related tax impacts. These non-GAAP financial measures also exclude (where applicable) the impact of special items, which represent litigation judgments and settlements and/or certain one-time items, as well as the related tax impacts. In addition, the company presents growth rates adjusted for the impact of currency, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Currency-neutral growth rates are calculated by remeasuring the prior period’s results using the current period’s exchange rates for both the translational and transactional impacts on operating results. The impact of currency translation represents the effect of translating operating results where the functional currency is different from the company’s U.S. dollar reporting currency. The impact of the transactional currency represents the effect of converting revenue and expenses occurring in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity. The impact of the related realized gains and losses resulting from the company’s foreign exchange derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments (specifically those that manage the impact of foreign currency variability on anticipated revenues and expenses) is recognized in the respective financial statement line item on the statements of operations when the underlying forecasted transactions impact earnings. The translational and transactional impact of currency and the related impact of the company’s foreign exchange derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments as specified above have been excluded from the company’s currency-neutral growth rates. The company believes that the non-GAAP financial measures presented facilitate an understanding of operating performance and provide a meaningful comparison of its results between periods. The company’s management uses non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate its ongoing operations in relation to historical results, for internal planning and forecasting purposes and in the calculation of performance-based compensation, among other things. The company excluded these items because management evaluates the underlying operations and performance of the company separately from these recurring and nonrecurring items. The presentation of non-GAAP financial measures should not be relied upon as substitutes for the company’s measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. The company includes reconciliations of the requisite non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures in the non-GAAP reconciliation tables below. Non-GAAP Reconciliations (QTD) Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 Operating expenses Operating margin Other income (expense) Effective income tax rate Net income Diluted earnings per share ($ in millions, except per share data) Reported - GAAP $ 3,491 58.4 % $ (95) 19.3 % $ 3,882 $ 4.35 (Gains) losses on equity investments ** ** (0.2) % 0.07 Restructuring charge (202) 2.4 % ** 0.1 % 0.18 Adjusted - Non-GAAP $ 3,289 60.8 % $ (28) 19.2 % $ 4,103 $ 4.60 Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Operating expenses Operating margin Other income (expense) Effective income tax rate Net income Diluted earnings per share ($ in millions, except per share data) Reported - GAAP $ 3,101 57.2 % $ (118) 18.6 % $ 3,280 $ 3.59 (Gains) losses on equity investments ** ** — % 0.03 Litigation provisions (151) 2.1 % ** 0.5 % 0.11 Adjusted - Non-GAAP $ 2,950 59.3 % $ (89) 19.1 % $ 3,406 $ 3.73 Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 as compared to the Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Increase/(Decrease) Operating expenses Operating margin Effective income tax rate Net income Diluted earnings per share Reported - GAAP % 1.2 ppt 0.7 ppt % % (Gains) losses on equity investments ** ** (0.2) ppt % % Litigation provisions % (2.1) ppt (0.5) ppt (4) % (4) % Restructuring charge (7) % 2.4 ppt 0.1 ppt % % Adjusted - Non-GAAP % 1.5 ppt 0.1 ppt % % Currency impact (3) % (0.5) ppt (0.1) ppt (6) % (6) % Adjusted - Non-GAAP - currency-neutral % 1.0 ppt 0.1 ppt % % Note: Tables may not sum due to rounding. ** Not applicable Gains and Losses on Equity Investments 1. Represents Q1'26 and Q1’25 net pre-tax losses of $66 million and $29 million, respectively, primarily related to unrealized fair market value adjustments on marketable and nonmarketable equity securities. First Quarter Special Items 2. Represents Q1'26 pre-tax charge of $202 million as a result of a restructuring action primarily intended to enable reinvestment to support the realization of our long-term growth opportunities. 3. Represents Q1'25 pre-tax charges of $151 million primarily as a result of a change in estimate related to the claims of merchants who opted out of the U.S. merchant class litigation. Other Notes 4. Represents the translational and transactional impact of currency and the related impact of our foreign exchange derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments (specifically those that manage the impact of foreign currency variability on anticipated revenues and expenses). Mastercard Incorporated Operating Performance Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 GDV (Bil.) Growth (USD) Growth (Local) Purchase Volume (Bil.) Growth (Local) Purchase Trans. (Mil.) Purchase Trans. Growth Cash Volume (Bil.) Growth (Local) Cash Trans. (Mil.) Cards (Mil.) All Mastercard Credit, Charge and Debit Programs APMEA $ 8.9 % 6.3 % $ 9.0 % 12,921 10.9 % $ (1.9) % 1,370 1,036 Canada 12.5 % 7.5 % 7.7 % 1,105 8.8 % 3.4 % Europe 17.1 % 9.2 % 11.2 % 19,699 7.7 % 0.9 % Latin America 24.1 % 13.4 % 15.8 % 7,771 15.3 % 7.0 % Worldwide less United States 1,908 14.8 % 8.6 % 1,518 10.9 % 41,496 10.1 % 0.7 % 2,593 2,678 United States 4.2 % 4.2 % 5.0 % 10,836 3.0 % (3.8) % Worldwide 2,703 11.5 % 7.3 % 2,251 8.9 % 52,332 8.5 % 0.1 % 2,852 3,408 Mastercard Credit and Charge Programs Worldwide less United States 13.7 % 9.2 % 9.6 % 17,241 7.3 % 1.5 % United States 7.9 % 7.9 % 8.1 % 4,235 7.6 % 1.5 % Worldwide 1,248 11.7 % 8.7 % 1,198 9.1 % 21,476 7.3 % 1.5 % 1,197 Mastercard Debit Programs Worldwide less United States 1,077 15.8 % 8.2 % 12.3 % 24,255 12.2 % 0.7 % 2,455 1,838 United States 0.5 % 0.5 % 1.4 % 6,601 0.3 % (4.9) % Worldwide 1,455 11.4 % 6.1 % 1,053 8.7 % 30,856 9.4 % (0.1) % 2,706 2,210 Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 GDV (Bil.) Growth (USD) Growth (Local) Purchase Volume (Bil.) Growth (Local) Purchase Trans. (Mil.) Purchase Trans. Growth Cash Volume (Bil.) Growth (Local) Cash Trans. (Mil.) Cards (Mil.) All Mastercard Credit, Charge and Debit Programs APMEA $ 3.0 % 7.1 % $ 7.7 % 11,651 8.9 % $ 5.2 % 1,463 Canada (2.0) % 4.4 % 4.4 % 1,016 5.7 % 2.2 % Europe 8.7 % 12.9 % 14.7 % 18,291 10.1 % 6.2 % Latin America (1.4) % 13.2 % 18.9 % 6,739 12.7 % 0.1 % Worldwide less United States 1,661 4.9 % 10.5 % 1,294 12.2 % 37,697 10.1 % 4.8 % 2,777 2,478 United States 6.9 % 6.9 % 6.9 % 10,520 6.3 % 7.2 % Worldwide 2,424 5.5 % 9.3 % 1,992 10.3 % 48,217 9.2 % 5.1 % 3,055 3,177 Mastercard Credit and Charge Programs Worldwide less United States 2.5 % 8.6 % 9.2 % 16,073 7.4 % (0.5) % United States 6.0 % 6.0 % 5.9 % 3,936 5.5 % 8.1 % Worldwide 1,117 3.6 % 7.7 % 1,069 8.0 % 20,009 7.0 % 1.4 % 1,157 Mastercard Debit Programs Worldwide less United States 6.9 % 11.9 % 15.9 % 21,624 12.1 % 5.4 % 2,631 1,660 United States 8.0 % 8.0 % 8.1 % 6,584 6.9 % 7.0 % Worldwide 1,307 7.2 % 10.7 % 13.0 % 28,208 10.9 % 5.6 % 2,900 2,020 APMEA = Asia Pacific / Middle East / Africa Note that the figures in the preceding tables may not sum due to rounding; growth represents change from the comparable year ago period. Footnote The tables set forth the gross dollar volume (“GDV”), purchase volume, cash volume and the number of purchase transactions, cash transactions and cards on a regional and global basis for Mastercard™-branded cards. Growth rates over prior periods are provided for volume-based data. Debit transactions on Maestro® and Cirrus®-branded cards and transactions involving brands other than Mastercard are not included in the preceding tables. For purposes of the table: GDV represents purchase volume plus cash volume and includes the impact of balance transfers and convenience checks; “purchase volume” means the aggregate dollar amount of purchases made with Mastercard-branded cards for the relevant period; and “cash volume” means the aggregate dollar amount of cash disbursements and includes the impact of balance transfers and convenience checks obtained with Mastercard-branded cards for the relevant period. The number of cards includes virtual cards, which are Mastercard-branded payment accounts that do not generally have physical cards associated with them. The Mastercard payment products are comprised of credit, charge, debit and prepaid programs, and data relating to each type of program is included in the tables. The tables include information with respect to transactions involving Mastercard-branded cards that are not switched by Mastercard and transactions for which Mastercard does not earn significant revenues. Information denominated in U.S. dollars is calculated by applying an established U.S. dollar/local currency exchange rate for each local currency in which Mastercard volumes are reported. These exchange rates are calculated on a quarterly basis using the average exchange rate for each quarter. Mastercard reports period-over-period rates of change in purchase volume and cash volume on the basis of local currency information, in order to eliminate the impact of changes in the value of currencies against the U.S. dollar in calculating such rates of change. The data set forth in the GDV, purchase volume, purchase transactions, cash volume and cash transactions columns is provided by Mastercard customers and is subject to verification by Mastercard and partial cross-checking against information provided by Mastercard’s transaction switching systems. The data set forth in the cards columns is provided by Mastercard customers and is subject to certain limited verification by Mastercard. A portion of the data set forth in the cards columns reflects the impact of routine portfolio changes among customers and other practices that may lead to over counting of the underlying data in certain circumstances. All data is subject to revision and amendment by Mastercard or Mastercard’s customers. Performance information for prior periods can be found in the Investor Relations section of the Mastercard website at investor.mastercard.com.

=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

Mastercard (MA) Q1 2026 Earnings Transcript | The Motley Fool Accessibility Menu ▲ S&P 500 + ---% | ▲ Stock Advisor + ---% Join The Motley Fool Search for a company Accessibility ... Help Our Services All Services Stock Advisor Epic Epic Plus Fool Portfolios Fool One Compare All Podcasts Hidden Gems Investing Podcast Rule Breaker Investing Podcast The Motley Fool Foundation Stock Market News Trending News Stock Market News Market Movers Tech Stock News Market Trends Crypto News Stock Market Indexes Today Most Active Stocks Today Today's Biggest Stock Gainers Today's Biggest Stock Losers Stock Quotes by Exchange Market Research 📨 Breakfast News Top Stocks to Buy Now Best ETFs to Buy Best AI Stocks Best Growth Stocks Dividend Kings Best Index Funds Next Cryptos to Explode Technology Energy Real Estate Healthcare Consumer Goods Materials Industrials How to Invest How to Invest Money What to Invest In How to Invest in Stocks How to Invest in ETFs How to Invest in Index Funds How to Invest in Bonds Financial Dictionary Stock Market 101 Types of Stocks Stock Market Sectors Stock Market Indexes What Are Stock Splits? What Is Compound Interest? After Hours Trading How to Buy Stock Best Brokers for Beginners Best Brokerage Accounts Good Time to Buy Stocks How Many Shares to Buy? Portfolio Diversification How to Invest $100 Magnificent Seven Companies Warren Buffett Investments Investing in ChatGPT Investing in SpaceX Investing in OpenAI Investing in Nvidia Investing in Databricks Retirement Retirement News Retirement 101 Types of Retirement Accounts How to Contribute to 401k/IRA? Strategies to Save for Retirement Asset Allocation for My Age Best IRA Brokerage Accounts Social Security 101 How to Maximize Social Security? Full Retirement Age COLAs Calculate Your SS Benefits Collecting Spousal Benefits Maximize Social Security Benefit How Much Do I Need to Retire? When To Retire 401(k) Plans 403(b) Plans Roth IRA Plans IRA Plans HSA Plans Complete Retirement Guide Best & Worst States to Retire Average Retirement Savings Moving for Retirement Healthcare in Retirement Understanding Taxes in Retirement 401(k) Minimum Distributions Personal Finance Best Credit Cards Compare Credit Cards Credit Card Reviews Credit Card Guides and Tools Best Savings Accounts Bank Reviews Best Personal Loans Personal Loan Reviews Best Mortgage Lenders Current Mortgage Rates Mortgage Lender Reviews Guide to Mortgages Auto Insurance Home Insurance Life Insurance About Us About Us Contact Us Investing Philosophy Motley Fool Money Fool Community Foundation Reviews Newsroom YouTube LinkedIn X Facebook Instagram Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Advertise With Us Become an Affiliate Partner Publishing Standards All Services Stock Advisor Epic Epic Plus Fool Portfolios Fool One Bars Image source: The Motley Fool. DATE Thursday, April 30, 2026 at 9 a.m. ET CALL PARTICIPANTS Chief Executive Officer — Michael Miebach Chief Financial Officer — Sachin Mehra Head of Investor Relations — Devin Corr Need a quote from a Motley Fool analyst? Email [email protected] RISKS The ongoing conflict in the Middle East is producing the most pronounced impact in cross-border travel metrics, particularly expected to weigh on fiscal Q2 performance; management assumes "the related headwinds will be largest in Q2 and then progressively recover." Portfolio shifts, especially those with higher travel exposure, are expected to "stay with us for quarters" and contribute to deceleration in certain metrics. Operating expense growth includes a sequential increase for fiscal Q2, partially due to anticipated lower cash balances, higher debt levels, and a one-time unfavorable impact from a planned disposition. Management highlighted that without the impact of the conflict in the Middle East, fiscal Q2 revenue growth "to be generally in line with the first quarter," signaling downside risk to guidance if the conflict persists. TAKEAWAYS Net revenue growth -- Up 12% year over year on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, driven by payment network expansion and demand for value-added services. Net income and EPS -- Net income grew 15% and EPS increased 18%, both year over year on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis; share repurchases contributed $0.10 to EPS. Share buybacks -- $4 billion of stock repurchased during the quarter, plus an additional $1.7 billion through April 27, 2026; buybacks were accelerated due to valuation and long-term growth conviction. Gross Dollar Volume (GDV) -- Up 7% globally, with U.S. GDV increasing 4% (credit up 8%, debit up 1%; excluding Capital One migration, U.S. debit GDV was up 7%). International volume -- Non-U.S. GDV grew 9% with credit and debit each rising 9% and 8%, respectively. Cross-border volume -- Grew 13% year over year, supported by both travel and non-travel spending; travel saw negative effects from Middle East conflict starting in March. Switched transactions -- Rose 9%; adjusting for Capital One debit migration, growth was 10%. Contactless penetration -- In-person contactless transactions reached 78%, up 5 percentage points from the previous year. Card growth -- Global Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards increased 5% to 3.7 billion issued. Payment network revenue -- Up 8% on a currency-neutral basis, fueled by both domestic and cross-border activity as well as pricing improvement. Value-added services & solutions (VAS) revenue -- Rose 18% on a currency-neutral basis, with strong demand across security, digital authentication, insights, and engagement services. Operating expenses -- Increased 9% year over year on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, due to investments in infrastructure, geographic expansion, product enhancement, and FX-related expenses. Portfolio wins -- Secured major agreements with CIB (Egypt), Westpac (Australia), Rogers Bank, United Airlines Canada, HSBC Hong Kong, Bank Mandiri, Bancolombia, Aeromexico, and other issuers across geographies. Mastercard One Credential launches -- Deployed with SoFi for SoFi Smart Card and set for broader rollout via Fiserv and Blossom, expanding multi-funding credentials. Commercial segment expansion -- U.S. Amazon small business co-brand card moved to Mastercard; new partnerships reported with digital fleet operators in Europe and payment providers in the U.S. Mastercard Move scaling -- Extended money movement capabilities through Bank of Shanghai, One Inc., and Global Commerce Suites, supporting small business payment and expense needs. AI and security enhancements -- Launched proprietary generative AI models with NVIDIA, expanded cyber solutions via Recorded Future, and reported 25% growth in Ethoca products. Agentic e-commerce developments -- Launched verifiable intent for agent-initiated payments; announced integration with OpenAI, FIDO Alliance, and Craftsman, with nearly all global Mastercards Agent Pay-enabled. Stablecoin and digital asset expansion -- OKX expanded crypto card in Europe; BVNK acquisition planned to address stablecoin liquidity, interoperability, and compliance challenges. Guidance for fiscal Q2 2026 -- Net revenue and operating expense growth both expected at the low end of low double-digit percentage range on a currency-neutral basis, with foreign exchange anticipated as a 1%-2% tailwind for revenue and 0%-1% headwind for expenses. Full-year 2026 outlook -- Net revenue growth expected at the high end of low double digits on a currency-neutral basis; operating expense growth forecasted in low double digits, with minimal disposition impact and approximately 1.5% FX tailwind for revenue. Non-GAAP tax rate -- Expected to be 20%-21% for both fiscal Q2 and full year. SUMMARY Mastercard ( MA +0.07% ) reported double-digit growth in both revenue and profits, supported by resilient global consumer and business spending, expanding digital payment solutions, and accelerating value-added services, all while highlighting the adaptability and reach of its core network. Management emphasized new strategic wins across consumer and commercial portfolios, continued scaling of one-credential and agentic payment initiatives, and an expanding set of AI-powered and cybersecurity offerings tailored to evolving payment landscapes. Share repurchase activity accelerated during the quarter, demonstrating confidence in long-term value, though management explicitly acknowledged that cross-border metrics will remain pressured if the conflict in the Middle East continues. Sachin Mehra quantified that, excluding the detrimental effects of the Middle East conflict, cross-border revenue growth in fiscal Q2 would closely match fiscal Q1 rates. The proportion of switched transactions within total transaction volume has surpassed 70%, up from 60% in 2020, reflecting network strategy execution. VAS businesses delivered 18% organic revenue growth, with no acquisition-related contribution in fiscal Q1, confirming robust demand across security, digital, and analytics products. Management attributed sequential declines in fiscal Q2 performance metrics mainly to the timing of holidays, portfolio shifts, and geopolitical disruptions, clarifying that "None of these factors relate to any fundamental change" in underlying spending patterns. The planned BVNK acquisition targets the emerging stablecoin and digital asset infrastructure, described as crucial for future interoperability and regulatory compliance across the network. Sachin Mehra stated, "rebates and incentives as a percentage of our payment network assessments to be slightly lower sequentially" in fiscal Q2, providing incremental yield insight. Recorded Future integration has enabled the rapid expansion of cyber-threat intelligence offerings, now reaching over 500 customers within a year of launch and contributing to the company's differentiated digital risk positioning. INDUSTRY GLOSSARY Switched transactions : Transactions processed entirely through Mastercard's central network, enabling value-added services, advanced analytics, and full network-level controls. Gross Dollar Volume (GDV) : The total value of transactions processed on Mastercard-branded cards over a given period, excluding reversals and including both credit and debit volumes. Cross-border volume : Payments and cash transactions where the issuer country and the merchant country differ, a sensitive metric to international travel and currency flows. Mastercard Agent Pay : A tokenized payment protocol enabling AI-powered agents to transact securely on behalf of users within the Mastercard ecosystem. Value-added services & solutions (VAS) : Mastercard's additional offerings beyond core transaction processing, including cybersecurity, loyalty, data analytics, and consulting services. BVNK : A blockchain and digital asset infrastructure platform, targeted by Mastercard for acquisition to support stablecoin liquidity, interoperability, and compliance. Verifiable intent : A tamper-resistant record of user authorization for agent-initiated transactions, addressing trust and dispute challenges in agentic commerce. Recorded Future : A cybersecurity and threat intelligence firm acquired by Mastercard, supplying data-driven security and risk services to various clients, including government and private-sector organizations. Mastercard One Credential : A single digital identity linking multiple payment sources (credit, debit, installments) to streamline transactions and improve flexibility for users. Full Conference Call Transcript Michael Miebach: Thank you, Devin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are a quarter into the new year. Much has happened but so much opportunity lies ahead. You've seen the release this morning so let's get into the highlights. Building on 2025 momentum, '26 is off to an excellent start. Net revenue growth was up 12% and net income up 15% in the first quarter on a year-over-year non-GAAP currency-neutral basis. Looking at the macro picture, the economic foundation remains generally supportive with healthy underlying consumer and business spending. However, the backdrop remains uncertain, driven by geopolitical tensions, which has put some pressure on cross-border travel. . Overall, labor markets continue to be balanced and wages are still outpacing inflation in most major markets. As we've done consistently, we are monitoring the situation in the Middle East and the global economy, and we will adjust as needed. Quarter 1 results were supported by the healthy spending I noted, and of course, our team's strong execution. But above all, this quarter continues to reflect the strength and resilience of our network. We have built and diversified our network over decades, navigating and innovating through every cycle. It's a foundation spanning 4 pillars: one, unparalleled global reach, we have hundreds of millions of acceptance locations and digital access points across 150 currencies. The last 5 years alone, we have grown acceptance locations maybe 70%. Mastercard powers payments when and where you need us. That scale brings participants into a single network where the more activity that flows through it, the more data is available and the more valuable it becomes for everyone, that drives the ability to capture and extend the secular opportunity; two, our franchise rules. Our franchise helps our network operate with consistency. The rules bring trust and protection for all participants, ensuring transactions are secure, merchants are paid, disputes can be resolved and people have 0 liability to unauthorized transactions. That trust allows global acceptance at scale; three, best-in-class technology. We invest to make payments faster and simpler. Core card network upgrades are already delivering faster transaction flow and near real-time settlement. These capabilities are live in South Africa today already driving new wins and incremental switching. And we look to extend into other markets over time. And remember, our payments infrastructure goes well beyond cards, including a counter account and we're now further embedding digital assets. Fourth, our differentiated value-added services and solutions, powered by data from our networks and AI, we have curated unique services that make the network secure, drive more payments and help our customers make smarter decisions. And many of these services are tied to and brought to market through the network. That's our virtuous cycle, strengthening the franchise and improving outcomes for customers. It's that strong foundation that uniquely positions us to power and protect tomorrow's digital economy even as innovations emerge and the macro environment changes. It's our differentiated services powered by our data and how we approach partnerships that underscore why customers continue to choose Mastercard. So let's take a moment on recent key innovations, agentic e-commerce and stablecoins. On agentic, the ecosystem continues to evolve. Our payment solutions are ready and we are engaged shaping what comes next with key players, including Google, Microsoft, OpenAI and other partners across the ecosystem. We're deepening our partnership with OpenAI, reinforcing their use of Mastercard Agent Pay, working to enable agent-to-agent payments and collaborating to embed our services across their solutions while using their tools as an enterprise customer. I'm also happy to share that nearly all Mastercards around the world are now enabled for Mastercard Agent pay. And we continue to develop our agent-related services. In quarter 1, we launched verifiable intent, a tamper-resistant record of what a user authorized when an AI agent acts on their behalf. In fact, the FIDO Alliance is now using it as a foundation for setting security standards in this space. And earlier this month, we announced a partnership with Craftsman, a leading blockchain infrastructure platform. Craftsman will integrate Mastercard Agent Pay and verifiable intent to enable secure Mastercard transactions AI agents in its ecosystem. This will initially launch on the Open Claw platform with plans to expand. There's a lot of moving pieces. But as agent-driven comms gains traction, our network is there with tokenized credentials powering the payments, bringing the security and trust and reach that everyone is looking for. It's very clear there is even more incremental opportunity in transactions and in services over time. On to stable coins, another rail to complement and expand our network. We leverage our existing card rails to make it easier for people to spend their digital asset holdings with cards. In quarter 1, we saw spend growth continue at a healthy clip across our crypto co-brands as cardholders gain access to our acceptance, protection and so on. This quarter, OK X, a leading global crypto exchange is expanding its Mastercard crypto card program into Europe. And remember, we also enable purchases of digital assets using Mastercard, and we allow stablecoin settlement, and we integrated stablecoins into Mastercard move, but we also see a broader need to connect stablecoin rails to fee out rails. This digital asset scale, complexity grows, the need for interoperable, reliable and trusted infrastructure grows. That is why we are excited about our planned acquisition of BVNK. We do not see a change in how consumers pay. Cards continue to deliver a seamless experience. But given the speed, 24/7 availability and programmability, we see clear potential for stable coin technology, especially when paired with our network and use cases like payouts -- me-to-me and cross-border B2B payments. BVNK has leading technology that serves us as an important enabler to send, receive, convert and hold stable coins. They also directly address the interoperability challenge in digital assets. They bring together liquidity providers, stablecoin issuers, market makers and more. BVNK also holds important hard-to-get licenses and offers critical compliance and regulatory tooling. So when you bring together the strength of our network, and you add continuous innovation, including most recently in agentic commerce and digital assets, you see continued leadership in payments. And that fuels the virtuous cycle across our 3 strategic pillars: Consumer Payments, commercial flows and value-add services and solutions. Let's take them one by one. Turning to the first pillar, consumer payments. I'll start with 2 exciting portfolio wins that reinforce the enduring value of Mastercard across the globe. One was CIB in Egypt. Our partnership will expand meaningfully with new markets and services. This includes the conversion of an affluent portfolio and the expected issuance over 5 million new Masters over the term of the deal. The second is a renewal and expansion of our partnership with Westpac, one of the largest banks in Australia putting Mastercard in the hands of more Westpac customers than ever before. We also continue to see strong momentum in the affluent space as issuers look to differentiate and deepen relationships with high-spend customers. Since launching World Legend last year, U.S. World Legend cards has demonstrated higher overall spend and more than 3x higher cross-border spend on an average monthly basis compared to the U.S. World Elite portfolio. Two growing value propositions that ring true to the segments they were designed for. Still early days in bringing World Legend cards to market but very encouraging. Our affluent value proposition, including the new globally connected Mastercard collection is resonating around the globe. In North America, our new World Legend has been launched by Rogers Bank with Safra National Bank to launch in the coming months. And Mastercard will now be the network of choice on the new United Airlines Canada co-brand program. In Latin America, Bancolombia and -- in Brazil are also launching new World Legend portfolios and we are excited to partner with Aeromexico in bringing their whole brand to Mastercard. And in Asia, HSBC Hong Kong is launching a set of affluent products, including World Legend. And in Indonesia, Bank Mandiri is launching a new private banking card in the super affluent segment. These card wins reinforce the importance of offering payment choice. We continue to scale Mastercard One credential a single Mastercard credential linked to multiple funding sources such as credit, debit and installments. We're launching with SoFI, it's SoFI Smart Card. And through partnership with Fiserv and Blossom Mastercard One credential will be more easily accessible to community banks and credit unions. Now turning to the second pillar, commercial and new payment flows. We continue to deliver value by building on our strengths. In the U.S. alone, small business fuel nearly half of GDP. We're proud to say that the U.S. Amazon small business co-brand card issued by U.S. Bank, will move to Mastercard. That is very exciting. These partners are value in Mastercard's differentiated SME offerings, including easy savings, analytics tools and our overall partnership approach. There's so much potential in commercial, and we are doubling down in segments where we already lead. Fleet and distribution continue to be long-standing strength for Mastercard, especially in the U.S., where we are the partner of choice for most of the industry's largest sweet players. This quarter, we added multiple new U.S. partners in this segment, including free, which enables card-based invoice payments for wholesale food distributors. And we are extending our capabilities outside of the U.S., where our expertise in the space helps secure ride, a European digital fleet and in-car payment system operator, converting its close-loop free program to open loop Mastercard. On B2B travel flows, issuers continue to select Mastercard for seamless B2B travel payments using virtual cards, for their online travel agency customers. While external events might drive slower growth in the short term, we have long-term conviction in the space and continue to pursue it given the sizable opportunity. This quarter, we signed high note in the U.S., Travelsoft and Juniper in Europe; and Bulla in Brazil, further securing commercial travel as an area of strength. At the same time, Mastercard move continues to scale, power financial institutions with the ability to offer near real-time money movement with transparency and with access to our more than 17 billion endpoints. This quarter, we extended our connections with Bank of Shanghai supporting SME trade, international tuition and remittances into and out of China. We will now further penetrate U.S. insurance disbursement flows with a renewed agreement with One Inc. and recently introduced an AP Mastercard move will now power Mastercard Global Commerce Suites for small business. This solution helps bank support small business cross-border money movement needs by bringing together payments with collections and expense management in one solution. Turning to value-add services and solutions. Demand remains high and we continue to drive strong growth. VAS is built on our data curated into differentiated products and ever alongside our payment network. The combined proprietary global real-time transaction data with petabytes of permission data from our services and solutions. That scale and quality of our data power smarter insights, stronger for tools and better outcomes for customers, especially in an AI-driven world. In March, we announced a new foundational generative AI model, leveraging capabilities from NVIDIA. Trained on our vast data sets that will help anticipate behaviors being the scope of traditional models, spotting unusual activity, predicting where a cardholder may spend next and signaling shifts in consumer behavior. These insights can then be embedded across our products or power new use cases. This early-stage work is very exciting. It's not just about the future. Our services are already helping customers solve real needs today, including with many solutions that are unique to us. You've seen how Mastercard has modernized dispute resolution over the years. That innovation continues to provide value and trust to our customers. Dispute resolution includes our unique network tools powered by Ethoca that help connect issuers and merchants post transactions. Collectively, Ethoca products grew around 25 plan year-over-year last quarter. Checkout.com will embed Ethoca alerts into their global digital experience enable merchants to enroll directly in precharge-back dispute resolutions. This is also a great example of one-to-many distribution. Inflation customers as consumer clarity enhances merchant details and cables receipt visibility, curbing friendly fraud, which third-party research estimates, cost issuers and merchants in the U.S. over $100 billion annually. Elsewhere, Westpac and Capitec will now leverage some of these network agnostic services as well as subscription management capabilities from MENA. Cybersecurity is mission-critical. And the stakes keep rising. As you know, we acquired Recorded Future in 2024 a leader in this space. Last year, we launched Mastercard Threat Intelligence, bringing Mastercard and recorded future capabilities together. In a short period of time, more than 500 customers are already engaged using the product, partners have taken down malicious domains responsible for the payment card -- impacting over 10,000 e-commerce sites. That's tangible value. In Open Finance, we power use cases from account opening and smarter lending to simple account-to-account payments and better cash flow visibility for small businesses. We continue to see traction across all. In health care, Optum Financial initially deployed our account opening verification services for HSA accounts, and they are now expanding into additional account types. Webster Bank's HSA Bank elected Mastercard Open Finance to support both identity verification and account linking, making onboarding increasingly seamless for its members. And that brings me to consulting and marketing services. offerings we have been growing for many years, built around payments expertise and fueled by our unique data to solve customer problems. We're enabling highly targeted insight-driven actions that generate measurable ROI. This is evident. Nearly 3/4 of our customers from 2024 returned to use these services again last year and increased their usage by more than 20% year-over-year. In fact, many customers embed these services within customer business agreements. DCBA linked services directly support growth, drive payment volume, increased customer acquisition and so on. Separately, this quarter, Intesa Sanpaolo expanded its services partnership with us to boost card penetration and usage, combining advanced analytics and portfolio optimization with always on marketing across both Intesa and its digital bank Easy Bank. Now that's a lot to fit into 1 quarter, but all these examples reinforce how we continue to execute and deliver on a proven strategy. We are a strong global network, deeply leveraging proprietary data extended through innovation, scale through partnership, diversified through our products and services. Thank you for your continued trust and partnership. And with that, I'll turn it over to Sachin. Sachin Mehra: Great. Thanks, Michael. Turning to Page 3, which shows our financial performance for the first quarter on a currency-neutral basis, excluding where applicable, special items and the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments. Net revenue was up 12%, reflecting continued growth in our payment network and our value-added services and solutions. Operating expenses increased 9% and operating income was up 13%. Net income and EPS increased 15% and 18%, respectively, driven primarily by the strong operating income growth in the quarter. EPS was $4.60 which uses a $0.10 contribution from share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased $4 billion worth of stock and an additional $1.7 billion through April 27, 2026. This quarter, we accelerated the pace of our share buybacks given current valuation levels and our strong conviction in our long-term growth potential. Now turning to Page 4, where I'll speak to the growth rates of our key volume drivers for the first quarter on a local currency basis. Worldwide gross dollar volume, our GD increased by 7% year-over-year. In the U.S., GDV increased by 4% with credit growth of 8% and debit growth of 1%. Excluding the impacts from the migration of the Capital One debit portfolio, our U.S. debit GDV growth would have been 7%. The migration of the debit portfolio is now basically complete. Outside of the U.S., volume increased 9% with credit growth of 9% and debit growth of 8%. Overall, cross-border volume increased 13% globally for the quarter, reflecting continued growth in both travel and non-travel related cross-border spending. As one would expect, starting in March, we began to see some impact on cross-border travel from the conflict and the Middle East. Turning now to Page 5. Switched transactions grew 9% year-over-year in Q1. Excluding the impacts from the migration of the Capital One debit portfolio, our Switch transaction growth would have been 10%. We continue to drive contactless penetration, which in Q1 stood at 78% of all in-person with Switch purchase transactions. This is up 5 ppt since the same period last year. In addition, card growth was 5%. Globally, there are 3.7 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards issued. Turning to Slide 6 for a look into our net revenue growth rates for the first quarter discussed on a currency-neutral basis. Payment Network net revenue increased 8% primarily driven by domestic and cross-border transaction and volume growth. It also includes growth in rebates and incentives. Value-Added Services & Solutions net revenue increased 18%, primarily driven by growth in our underlying drivers, strong demand across security solutions, digital and authentication, business and market insights and consumer acquisition and engagement and pricing. Now let's turn to Page 7 to discuss key metrics related to the payment network. Again, all growth rates are described on a currency-neutral basis, unless otherwise noted. Looking quickly at each key metric. Domestic assessments were up 6%, while worldwide GDV grew 7%. The difference is primarily driven by mix, partially offset by pricing. Cross-border assessments increased 18%, while cross-border volumes increased 13%. The 5 ppt difference is driven primarily by pricing in international markets. Transaction processing assessments were up 15%, while Switch transactions grew 9%. The 6 ppt difference is primarily due to favorable mix and pricing, slightly offset by lower revenue from FX volatility. Other network assessments were $277 million this quarter. Moving on to Page 8. You can see that on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, excluding special items, total adjusted operating expenses increased 9%. The growth in operating expenses was primarily driven by increased spending to support various strategic initiatives, including investing in our infrastructure, geographic expansion and enhancing and delivering our products and services as well as the increase in foreign exchange activity-related expenses within the quarter. Turning now to Page 9. Let me comment on the operating metric trends for Q1 and the first 4 weeks of April. As we look across Q1 and April, growth rates of our operating metrics were impacted by timing of holidays, namely Ramadan and Easter. March would have seen the benefits from the timing, while February and April saw a negative impact. Looking at the Q1 operating metrics on a sequential basis. Switch metrics were generally in line with Q4 and underlying spend remains stable. Of note, U.S. Switch volume was flat sequentially as the strength in consumer and business spend offset the impact from the migration of Capital One's debit portfolio in the quarter. Excluding Capital One, on a like-for-like basis, U.S. Switch volume growth was over 1 ppt higher in Q1 as compared to Q4. Now on to Switch transactions. Excluding the migration of the Capital One debit growth -- sorry, excluding the migration of Capital One debit, growth was generally in line with Q4. Moving to our cross-border metrics. Our overall cross-border volume remains healthy with growth at 13% in the first quarter. Cross-border card not present ex travel grew at 18% and remained strong. And the sequential decline in cross-border travel was due primarily to the conflict in the Middle East and portfolio shifts. Now looking specifically at cross-border travel for the first 4 weeks of April, the sequential decline from Q1 is due to an acceleration of the impact of the conflict, the portfolio shifts and the negative impact from the timing I just mentioned. None of these factors relate to any fundamental change and underlying consumer and business spend remains healthy. Turning to Page 10. I wanted to share our thoughts for the remainder of the year. We delivered another solid quarter, fueled by the strength of our payment network and value-added services capabilities. Despite elevated geopolitical risks, the macro economy has remained largely supportive with healthy underlying consumer spending and the fundamentals of our business remain strong. With that said, we are operating in a period of heightened uncertainty, magnified by the ongoing conflict in the Middle East. Since the outbreak of the conflict at the end of February, we have seen restrictions on travel and a reduction in the world's energy supply. And as I noted earlier, we are seeing impacts from that in our cross-border travel metrics. But let's take a step back. We are a global company, and we are heavily diversified across geographies, products, consumer segments, services and so on. This diversification reduces concentration risk while enabling us to deliver consistently on solid top line and bottom line growth. So while the conflict in the Middle East is a headwind, our global diversified business positions us well to sustain growth, both in the short and long term. We are confident in our strategy, delivering value to our customers and partners across the globe and innovating to power the next wave of digital payments. As we look at Q2 and the full year, our base case assumes underlying consumer spending remains healthy outside of the impact of the conflict in the Middle East. We assume the conflict ends in Q2 and the related headwinds will be largest in Q2 and then progressively recover as we move through the second half of the year. As it relates to our expectations for the second quarter of 2026, year-over-year net revenue growth is expected to be at the low end of low double digits range on a currency-neutral basis, excluding inorganic activity. This includes our current estimates for the impacts from the conflict in the Middle East, without which we would have expected Q2 growth to be generally in line with the first quarter on a currency-neutral basis. We expect minimal impact from a disposition that we anticipate to close within the quarter and a tailwind of approximately 1 to 2 ppt from foreign exchange. From an operating expense standpoint, we expect Q2 growth to be at the low end of low double digits range versus a year ago, again, on a currency-neutral basis, excluding inorganic activity. We anticipate a 0 to 1 ppt benefit from the disposition while foreign exchange is forecasted to be a headwind of approximately 0 to 1 ppt for the quarter. On other income and expense, in Q2, we expect an expense of approximately $150 million. This excludes gains and losses on our equity investments, which are excluded from our non-GAAP metrics. This higher sequential expense is primarily driven by the following: first, Q1 came in better than expected, aided by a few onetime items. We do not expect these to repeat in the second quarter. Second, we expect lower cash balances and higher debt levels in the second quarter. Cash balances tend to be seasonally lower in the second quarter. And as I noted earlier, we have accelerated the pace of our share repurchases. And lastly, a onetime unfavorable impact from the disposition I mentioned earlier. As it relates to our expectations for the full year 2026, net revenue growth remains at the high end of a low double-digit range on a currency-neutral basis, excluding inorganic activity. We anticipate minimal impact from the planned disposition and a tailwind of approximately 1.5 ppt from foreign exchange. From an operating expense standpoint, we expect growth to be at the low double digits range versus a year ago on a currency-neutral basis, excluding inorganic activity. We expect a 0.5 to 1 ppt tailwind from the disposition and a headwind of 0.5 to 1 ppt from foreign exchange on a full year basis. And finally, we expect a non-GAAP tax rate in the range of 20% to 21% for both Q2 and the full year. As a reminder, the Q1 tax rate was lower primarily due to discrete tax benefits including those related to share-based payments. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Devin. Devin Corr: Thank you. Julianne, you may now open up for questions. Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Will Nance from Goldman Sachs. William Nance: Michael, I wanted to ask on the VAS strategy and the growth you've been putting up there. I think there's been a focus on how you differentiate yourself with the strategy. And I think historically, Mastercard has been very forward leaning on embracing new networks and things like A2A payments. Can you talk about the evolution of that strategy maybe in the context of the planned divestiture and how some of these types of activities fit into the broader strategy around VAS? Michael Miebach: Right. Well, great question. So we've always believed in consumer choice when it comes to payments and business choice when it comes to payments. So it's clear that cards is a great answer for P2M, but it's not the answer for everything so a set of dedicated use cases and a lot of volume out there for us to go after to apply our service. So that was originally the idea to go into a what we called at the time, a multi-rail proposition account to account. So you know that history, acquisition of VocaLink and so forth and various other real-time payments assets around the world, and then we exported the stack to run about 12 subsystems around the world right now. So that strategy still holds. There is no question about that because real time is very much in focus. A lot of governments choose real-time payment systems to go and facilitate payments of all types across their respective markets, where a known and respected partner in this space. So strategy hasn't changed. We're really evolving is to ensure that we find more and more services that we can apply to these payments. So the franchise rules are different in that space than they are in a card space. But something like cybersecurity is particularly in focus as the counter account fraud and account scams are rising, our counter account protect solution, as being an excellent example of how we found a way where we can rally a market and drive value for us and for the market. So cybersecurity is in focus. Generally, this gives us a seat at the table with government in the current world where more countries are inward looking for more resilient infrastructure that puts us also in a very unique position. So strategy continues where we said we're not looking in to grow a lot more new geographies because we're in the markets that we want to be at. United States, U.K., Thailand, Philippines, large economies where this business runs at scale and very profitably for us. Sachin Mehra: And Will, it's Sachin, very quickly, I just want to clarify because you alluded to the disposition, the disposition I referred to in my commentary relates to Session M, which is our loyalty business, which is 1 of the acquisitions we had done a few years ago, and that's the sale which was announced, I guess, a couple of months ago. So that's what I was referring to in... Michael Miebach: And I glanced over that other market rumor because we don't comment on market rumors. Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW. Sanjay Sakhrani: Sachin, I want to talk about the assumptions on the -- for the outlook on the war ending in 2Q. I'm just curious if you could just elaborate on the assumptions you're making on cross-border. I assume that's sort of where the biggest impact is. And then so where the offsets are that are helping you sort of raise the guidance because I'm sure some other things are outperforming and offsetting it. And then just one follow-up on the portfolio shift point you made. Does that impact cross-border for a year now going forward? I'm just curious if you could just elaborate on that. Sachin Mehra: Sure. So Sanjay, first, I'll kind of kick off by saying we have taken what we believe to be our best estimate as it relates to our base case as it relates to the conflict ending in Q2 because we had to predicate this on some assumption, and that's what we shared with you right here. So let's just start with that piece of it. The impact is most pronounced and assumed to be most pronounced in cross-border travel. That is a correct statement on your part. The second point I'd make there is that the impact would be in our assumptions, most pronounced in the second quarter. And while there will be some impact in Q3 and Q4, we expect that there will be a gradual recovery or progressive recovery, which will take place in Q3 and Q4 based on the assumption that the conflict ends in Q2. So that's kind of 2 things I want to kind of just mention. You also asked a Part 1b question to that, which was what are the offsets. So I think what you're asking is our full year guide, which by the way, on a currency-neutral basis is basically unchanged, right? The increase you're seeing in the full year guide is primarily being driven by a change in FX assumptions for the year. So on a currency-neutral basis, it's unchanged to what I shared a quarter ago. Anyway, notwithstanding the fact -- look, we started the year strong. Consumer spending is healthy. We're executing on our strategy. We had a first quarter which -- where we outperformed our own expectations. So we're off to good start in the year. That obviously provides a little bit of a buffer relative to 3 months ago versus today, notwithstanding the fact that there are other things which have moved around such as impact of the conflict, which is kind of offsetting that as well. So that's kind of component number one, which we've got to keep in mind. The other piece I'd mention is that, look, I mean, as you go through the year, a few things to keep in mind. I think you know this already, Sanjay, is that in Q2 of last year, we had the highest levels of FX volatility. So that creates the biggest headwind in Q2 of this year, right? We have some headwind from FX volatility in Q3, but it's less than what was there in Q2 so that's something to keep in mind. And then in Q4, we had more normalized levels of FX volatility. So the headwind kind of dissipates as you go across the end of the year. So that's kind of the second point. The last point I'd make is that from a value-added services and solutions standpoint, which represents roughly 40% of the revenues of the company, but the business continues to perform. We delivered 18% currency-neutral growth in the first quarter, another solid quarter and we're seeing strong demand for those capabilities. So that's something which, again, as I think about the rest of the year, we'll have to keep on executing, and that's kind of based in the assumptions and the guidance that I've shared with you. Michael Miebach: I can just add one point on that. I think it's a great question, important question. What happens here with the cross-border side is a general shift in spending patterns. So our customers are coming to us and say, "Well, what do you see in your data?" How is spending shifting. Where else is it going? Where do we meet our customers and their customers in terms of solutions that they need. This is something that we took to a science back in COVID because at that time, recovery insights were kind of a key thing. So we now have kind of like crisis insights. Within 24 hours, we had a website up for our customers in the Middle East to say here's shifting spending patterns. Take a look at it, let's work on it together. So this is an opportunity for us to lean in and drive forward, and that will be a compensating factor. Sachin Mehra: And Sanjay, I know you asked the question also as part of your question, 1C was the impact of portfolio shifts. Yes. And you're right. I mean the impact of portfolio shows will stay with us for quarters. Again, every portfolio is a different migration schedule, but that kind of factors in there. You are seeing a more pronounced impact on travel because some of the portfolios were more travel heavy. So that's something to kind of keep in mind. . Operator: Our next question comes from Harshita Rawat from Bernstein. Harshita Rawat: I want to ask about Switch transaction growth, Sachin, Michael. Historically, it used to grow kind of in the low double-digit to low teens range. More recently, the growth has decelerated a little bit to 9%. I know there's 1 ppt of Cap One debit in there. But maybe talk about some of the other drivers within that Switch transaction growth and some deceleration versus history. And then as we think about the high end of low double digit, medium-term revenue objective, maybe talk about the growing importance of valuated services in that algorithm and remind us about kind of your conviction in the sustained strong growth of that. Sachin Mehra: Sure. So on your question on Switch transactions, I think you kind of got the first part, which I shared in my prepared remarks, which is adjusted for the Capital One migration, we grew at about 10%. But I think your question was a little bit beyond the fact that it's 10%, you said we were growing at higher rates previously. I think one of the bigger factors that influences Switch transaction growth is the mix of our portfolio. And so I'll give you a real life example, right? So back in the days when we were operating in Russia, before we suspended our operations in Russia, right? We had significantly higher growth in Switch transactions. . And at that point in time, when we suspended operations, one of the things which I called out was that recognized that this market is a low average ticket size market. And so the fact that we no longer do business there, impacts us which transaction growth rates because average ticket size kind of plays a part, point number one. And then if you just extend that logic through to different parts of the globe, depending on where we're seeing more and less growth than what the average ticket size is that influences what our Switch transaction growth is. And the reason I say this is because mixes in geography are going to impact where our Switch transaction growth is. But fundamentally, what's going on in terms of the imperative for the business to continue to focus on driving Switch transaction remains. Case in point, for the longest time, we were not switching transactions in Japan. We're now switching to transactions in Japan. We were previously not switching transactions in a meaningful way in Mexico, that's something which has actually started to happen. So you know that as a matter of fact that the company is very focused on driving greater switch transaction growth for all the reasons we've kind of mentioned in the past, which is it not only generates revenue, it provides data. When you get data, you can deliver value-added services and solutions, which drives incremental revenue. So really important. And just as another metric point so that you're aware. In our most recent quarter, our proportion of switch transactions is now north of 70%. So the reality is we are executing on the Switch transaction strategy. We continue to remain very focused and believe that's an important area especially in light of what we shared with you at Investor Day 1.5 years ago when we talked about the sizable opportunity, which remains from a secular standpoint, in terms of Switch transactions, which still remain to be -- or other transactions, which still remain to be digitized, very much a focus area for us. Michael Miebach: Yes. So you mentioned the 70%. In 2020, it was 60%. So that's a very sizable increase. And we just think for a moment where it's coming from. It's coming a lot from -- we are -- I mentioned it earlier, lot of countries are looking to have their own payment systems. There's many domestic schemes out there. But it turns out that digital capabilities are really hard to do and they're really hard to scale. So that's part of our strategy, and that's how we're winning volume. It's a better proposition from a safety security perspective, tokenization, those are all things that we can bring to those countries, and that is what the biggest driver is so this is one of the key metrics for our company and our people to bring across the value that we bring there. and then compete against these domestic schemes. So a significant driver, and it has a lot of other digital capabilities. When we talk click to pay when we talk contactless, various other things that are just really hard to do for these kind of systems. So that brings switching on to us, and that's the -- that's fueling the services opportunity in turn. Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Frisch from Evercore ISI. Adam Frisch: A quick clarification and then a question, getting a bunch of questions from investors us. If the word will go longer or near-term impact would deem more destructive, what's the calculus on how that might impact your outlook, if at all? And then my question is on stablecoin and a shout out to Devin and Johan for a terrific call explaining the rest all for the BVNK deal a few weeks ago. Do you feel like the mounting challenges with getting the Clarity Act passed in D.C. delays the time frame for the industry in general? Or is there enough motion to keep the momentum going and having BVNK's capabilities helps you shape the trajectory a little bit more. Sachin Mehra: So Adam, on the first question, I'm really not going to go into multiple scenarios of how the work plays out, right? I kind of shared with us -- with you what the base case is and what the impact is. I also shared with you in my prepared remarks what the impact would have been had it not been for the war or rather the conflict occurring in Q2, where I said, basically, had it not been for the conflict, our growth rate in Q2 would have been generally in line with what we had in Q1. So look, the reality is things will move. We do understand that the conflict is something which is outside of our control, like Michael mentioned, it's not like we're sitting on our hands. We're working with our customers to try and find opportunities where we could be helpful to them and even in this environment. And if it's useful, maybe I can just size for you, really for the impacted countries, which is -- let's take the GCC in Israel, right? From a cross-border volume standpoint, right, GCC and Israel represent roughly of our cross-border volumes. And so -- and this is both inbound and outbound. You have to take both into consideration. Because, I mean, we have impact from an issuing and an acquiring standpoint. So it's important for you to just get a general size of what we're talking about here. Michael Miebach: Good. So coming to the other -- or the actual question versus a clarification. So Stablecoins, BVNK, Clarity Act, a lot going on. So first of all, I just want to go back to what I said when I shared our excitement about the BVNK acquisition. So fundamentally, what we see is that stable coins and tokenized deposits are actually not just stable coins here to stay. They're going to be an important part of the financial ecosystem, the financial fabric going forward. So we believe that tokenized Money will occupy a meaningful part of the money movement in the future. And the use cases I talked about the B2B, global payers, B2B, Me-to-Me, that's like funding my own wallet and all the are going to be use cases that will be there. So we have some regulatory clarity. We had with the Genius Act. There is such regulation in other markets. So it's not holding us back. We see it in the volumes that is happening. I talk about healthy clip in crypto. Now this extends into stablecoin -- already. There are use cases. So we're moving forward on that, which is why the timing of BVNK was important because it feels -- it's this unlocked moment at this time. Now we also think that when this world is growing at a higher speed, let's assume the Clarity Act is coming through, and then we'll be even more momentum on this, we're going to face a world that is a world of multiplicity. So it's going to be more coins. It's going to be more change. It's going to be more non-dollar-denominated coins out there, et cetera, et cetera. So that will bring about a future where interoperability and trust and licensing and who clients' needs are super critical. And that is where BVNK is a leader. And that is in my customer conversations, everybody is asking, what are you doing? How can we work together? What do I do first. We talk about BVNK, well, it's not closed yet, so I should say that. But we're very excited about it because we already see the demand. Everybody is trying to figure this out regardless of Clarity Act yes or no. Now on the Clarity Act, it would establish a clear regulatory framework for digital assets. That would be good, can be sitting here and speculating when it happens, but it doesn't hold us back. We believe that BVNK puts us in a position in-house natively to drive that interoperability and trust layer in that digital assets world, stable coins, tokenized bank deposits, et cetera. So very exciting, and it truly sets us apart. Operator: Our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Tien-Tsin Huang: Just wanted to ask on the agentic side if that's okay in Mastercard Agent Pay, Michael, you talked about some of the partners and some activity on the ground. But can you just give us a little bit more detail on volumes or any surprises with respect to actual activity or actual demand. And I'm curious if you were to maybe talk about it in the context of who's pushing the hardest across all the players in the 4-party model. What are you listening to for clues on how to invest harder, et cetera? Michael Miebach: Right. So on agentic so this all kind of really got into motion in April last year, just about a year ago. This is kind of what we started to get out there with Agent Pay, other protocols where there -- this is when Google and others, Microsoft started to put out protocols that are commerce-oriented protocols. So that was a push for those players, LLM players, people getting in seeing a tremendous opportunity for them. And then the payment world, us with Agent Pay, we got and say, "Well, we got to facilitate those transactions." And we want to deliver everything that people are generally used to from us in a regular transaction. So that's what Agent Pay does, leveraging our tokenization capabilities. So we pushed equally hard. . In terms of where volumes are, we're still at early stage. So that is also true because a few things were not quite in place yet. So the question of what goes wrong, I talked earlier about disputes. What goes wrong in an agent transaction, how do you prove that? So the significance of verifiable intent cannot be underestimated. That is a really important step. We worked on this together with Google. That is now a standard. So again, part of the urgency needs to be we got to be in there with the trust that we bring and make sure that the standards are there. And that's what we're doing with great urgency and that is where our urgency lies. And then we're ready to see when the volume comes, where do we see some of the upside, new use cases spreading baskets on the consumer side, transaction opportunity, of course, there could be more services opportunities inside Tokens and Elite will be such an example. So all of this is happening. And then I haven't even started to talk about agents in the B2B space. So you heard us talk about Agent Suite, which we started to launch where we're going to get into the business of building agents with our customers in the B2B space, et cetera. So early stage on B2B earlier than on the consumer side, but I would think this is a much bigger opportunity and it fits right into our focus on commercial payments. So early-stage ecosystem building, covering your basis, that's what we're doing. Operator: Our next question comes from Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research. Darrin Peller: Just first a quick follow-up, Sachin, just when you think about the way to normalize cross-border for the effects of Ramadan and Easter shifting or any other normalization just to give us a sense of what you see as sustainable given the portfolio shifts. I'm curious if you could help us quantify that. Michael, I want to ask about Mastercard Threat Intelligence more broadly, we're all hearing about instances of fraud picking up around AI on payments. Are you seeing that inflection in demand really pick up pace for your value-added services and offerings around cyber and fraud. I mean clearly, that could be a nice boost sustainably for VAS. Sachin Mehra: So Darrin, I'll go first on your clarifying question. And I'm going to actually say with the cross-border travel metric, and I'm going to actually speak to the growth rate for Q1 compared to the first 4 weeks of April, right? Because that 8% number that you see there going down to 2% growth is driven by primarily 3 things. Number one, conflict, number two, portfolio shifts, number three, the timing of Easter, right, and Ramadan. These are the 3 factors. And I kind of laid them out in order of significance as well, right? But don't assume that the conflict is the biggest and then the other 2 are insignificant. It's kind of generally, directionally, the 3 of them are the key contributors to what you're seeing there. I think the more important thing, honestly, Darrin, out here is that by this very definition, what you're seeing. Let's take each one of them individually. Conflict out of our control, don't expect for that to stay with us over the long term. So fundamentally, nothing challenges the cross-border value prop as it stands. Number two, as it relates to the portfolio shifts. Look, we're very clear in our mind in terms of what our approach on portfolio wins and losses are. We want to win the right kinds of portfolios. We already maintain that. We've always maintained that, and we will continue to be very disciplined on that. So you're going to see wins, which you've seen more of -- and on occasion, you'll see things which will actually move away from us, which is part of what's going on from a portfolio ship standpoint. And I won't spend a lot of time on timing because timing of Ramadan and Easter is what it is, right? The week over week, you're going to see movements and changes on that. So that's what I'm going to share with you there. Michael Miebach: And every one of these calls, we talk about wins and losses and shifts. So if you just think about what I said earlier, Aeromexico, United Airlines, Canada, for travel agency wins. So there is a lot going on in the space. We've historically been focused and continue to see it as a strength and we'll lean in on that, but not always at all prices. Good. So on the safety security piece and Recorded Future, and the rising stakes in the world in an AI-powered world, that's absolutely true. We hear this everywhere. We see it everywhere. And it's not that new. It's just rising. So when we looked at Recorded Future and said our historic position in being a leader in fraud management and payment fraud management expanded to a multilayer strategy with risk recall where we looked at general cybersecurity stance of smaller businesses. That was a big part of our business. So we're not just fraud any longer. We're already talking to the -- companies. And then AI has been around for some time now. 2023 was really where it started to really accelerate. So bought Recorded Future in 2024, that was already with a perspective on, we got to look at broader threat vectors because companies -- our customers in our space, in the payment space, for them, it's very hard to defend. You cannot really outspend against all threat vectors. So we needed to have reliable information that we could give them that says, well, here's where your biggest risk is. This is where you really need to invest. And that's what Recorded Future has brought to us. And you can imagine -- right now, this is such a differentiated activity for us. Now in a world of geopolitical tensions and so forth, you can also see that a lot of governments are focused on this space. asymmetrical warfare, state actors, all of that is going on and recorded future puts Mastercard in a very unique position to be a trusted partner to provide those kind of insights. So when I look at the customer set of Recorded Future, it includes the intelligence community, government entities as well as private sector companies and so forth. So this has just been the perfect acquisition at the right time. And when we brought together our data set on the Mastercard side, that's Recorded Future as Threat Intelligence, that's a real synergy because then you have even more powerful data -- so how is it going? We closed in December 2024. We all got running last year and there is significant demand. So that continues. We put out a bunch of products. I mentioned Mastercard Threat Intelligence earlier, but there's others malware intelligence, autonomous threat operations, et cetera. So it is just the right thing at the right time. And we do expect that Security Solutions is going to be a continued significant growth driver for us. Yes, exactly that. Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Schmidt from KeyBanc. Andrew Schmidt: Michael, appreciate the comments, Michael, on the selective deals. But if you just comment on whether the competitive intensity for deals has changed at all or whether that's relatively stable? And then Sachin, if you have any comments around how we should think about rebates and incentives trending this year or in subsequent years, that would be great. . Michael Miebach: Right. So selective is maybe a great word, but also -- we want to win deals. So that's our mindset. That is fueling transactions that's helping us getting after the cyclical opportunity, drive our Vasco, the virtuous cycle. So that is the mindset to start with. And that has been the mindset for years. So when it comes to competitive intensity around that because others might have the same mindset, I think that hasn't dramatically changed. I think our ability to provide value that has dramatically changed. So if you look at our services portfolio today and the kind of bells and whistles that we put on our Mastercard payment, that is a lot of value that we can bring and that we can have considered as we engage customers on what kind of value exchange works for these deals, and that's why we continue to win. So nothing dramatic I see on that front. So just being leaning in. But you say it's not every market where you would say, do I want to -- if I have a relevant market share and I'm well positioned in the market, then I might have a different consideration as if this is a new geography and I really want to grow my business. So we also make these kind of judgments as we grow our global presence. Sachin Mehra: Yes. And just picking up on Michael's comments, look, I mean, at the end of the day, we have a rich pipeline. Our teams are super active in terms of winning the right kinds of deals, and we will continue to stay focused on that. The impact, obviously, will come through in terms of what you see on rebates and incentives. But again, we look at rebate and incentives, but we also look at overall net revenue yield for the company. And you can see the net revenue yield for the company is increasing. More specifically on your question on rebate and incentives, what I'll share with you is in the second quarter, we expect for rebates and incentives as a percentage of our payment network assessments to be slightly lower sequentially as compared to the first quarter. . Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew O'Neill from Bank of America. Unknown Analyst: Just curious, if you take a step back from a high level, how does Mastercard think about a stable coin transaction versus a local currency transaction from an economic contribution standpoint, in a future with a lot more stable coin utilization, is Mastercard kind of economically agnostic? Are there opportunities for accretion or the opposite? Michael Miebach: Right. So let me start on that. So generally, when you see where are most of the volumes today, there's a lot of on and off ramp opportunities. So we have these co-brand programs. And in that, you basically have card economics. So that's just as straightforward. So now in this space going forward, where we drive interoperability layers and so far, as you can see, it just start to build out a whole set of new services and additional opportunities. So we see the space driving more value for us going forward. But for now, it's that volume, that is the most pressing need. How do I get on to in stablecoins. I have an offering at the other end of the transaction. So we got to be at all those spaces and invest to do that. So that's how I see it. Overall, I think it is a significant net new growth opportunity for us, which is why we felt we are going to deepen our capabilities through the acquisition. So we want to drive all of that value. It would be central network that facilitates that value exchange over those digital assets. Sachin Mehra: And the economics on the acquisition, right, once it's complete, I mean the value prop, which is coming through there, which is Michael talked about send. Basically, it was about convert, send, receive and store, right? That are these different attributes which come with the acquisition. The revenue model on that is basis points on volume. So you were asking us to how you generate revenue, that's kind of the mechanism and that's all an addressable market, which we don't participate in today. That's the accretive part of what Michael is alluding to. Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Bergin from TD Cowen. Bryan Bergin: May I ask on yield. Can you just dig in on the key drivers in the TPA spread uptick? And any important considerations on pricing changes as you move through the -- of the year. Sachin Mehra: Look, again, from a pricing standpoint, a lot of what we do is, again, predicated on the value we deliver in the market. And so I use what I would tell you from a pricing standpoint, all of our planned pricing is already contemplated in the guidance that I've shared with you. And I kind of give you a little bit of color as to what the cadence by quarter looks like as well. without giving you specific numbers for Q3 and Q4. But the reality is all of that already contemplates what kind of value we plan to deliver and for which we plan to actually have pricing. So that's close share. . Operator: Our last question comes from Jason Kupferberg from Wells Fargo. Jason Kupferberg: Michael, in your prepared remarks, you mentioned how much growth we've seen in acceptance points. in recent years, and I think some of that will continue to come from geographic penetration. But can we get an update on how you guys are thinking about the most fertile new categories of acceptance over the coming years just as you continue to grow the network. And then, Sachin, just can you clarify on the vast growth currency neutral that you were actually steady on an organic basis year-over-year? Because I think you lapped Recorded Future? . Michael Miebach: Right. So acceptance, you saw the growth. So that is very significant. And it follows a very clear plan. So we are looking at going after domestic schemes. We are going after a closed loop. We're going after underpenetrated verticals. Those are all aspects how we're finding new volume and creating new acceptance. And this is not limited to the consumer side. This is also happening in the B2B side. One of the things I should say is underpenetrated verticals, very interesting. So insurance, housing, our programs with built just finding -- making sure that it's understood that cards can solve needs that are out there in spaces that we haven't historically been in. VCN is another such example. So driving VCN acceptance, which we continue to do. So underpenetrated verticals, I think, is a significant opportunity for us. And then it's the bread and butter business of just driving acceptance every day, small business, for example. Sachin Mehra: And Jason, on your question on VAS growth. So in Q1, we had approximately 18% growth in our VAS revenues. And that has no impact from acquisitions. In other words, there's no incremental impact coming through. if you're looking at it sequentially compared to Q4. In Q4 of last year, we had about 22% VAS growth and that had about 3 points of an acquisition impact in there. . Devin Corr: Thank you. Any closing comments, Michael? Michael Miebach: Yes. So it brings us to the end of the call. We overran a bit today, but there was a lot to cover. We appreciate your questions and your interest and your support. All of this work that we just discussed today is only possible because of the work of our teams around the world. The first quarter gave us some pause to really worry about the safety of our people in the Middle East, in Israel and GCC and that is hopefully coming to a conclusion soon. But it is that work that is so critical. So thank you very much, and we'll speak to you in the quarter. Operator: This concludes the conference call. You may now disconnect. Read Next Aug 12, 2026 • By Neil Patel Visa and Mastercard Have Both Reported. Which Payments Giant Is the Best Buy Now? Aug 7, 2026 • By Motley Fool Transcribing Mastercard (MA) Q2 2026 Earnings Call Transcript Aug 2, 2026 • By Daniel Sparks Where Will Mastercard Stock Be in 5 Years? Jul 30, 2026 • By Jack Caporal How Are Banks, Credit Card Networks, and Payment Processors Adapting to Stablecoins? Jul 27, 2026 • By Matt DiLallo Can You Invest in Plaid in 2026? Details & Alternatives to Consider Jul 20, 2026 • By Lawrence Nga Berkshire Hathaway Sold Mastercard Stock. Should You Follow? This article is a transcript of this conference call produced for The Motley Fool. While we strive for our Foolish Best, there may be errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in this transcript. Parts of this article were created using Large Language Models (LLMs) based on The Motley Fool's insights and investing approach. It has been reviewed by our AI quality control systems. Since LLMs cannot (currently) own stocks, it has no positions in any of the stocks mentioned. As with all our articles, The Motley Fool does not assume any responsibility for your use of this content, and we strongly encourage you to do your own research, including listening to the call yourself and reading the company's SEC filings. Please see our Terms and Conditions for additional details, including our Obligatory Capitalized Disclaimers of Liability. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Mastercard. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . Stocks Mentioned Mastercard NYSE : MA $560.36 ( +0.11% ) +$0.63 Motley Fool Stock Advisor ’ s Latest Pick Get Access ---% Avg Return *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Premium Investing Services Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. View Premium Services Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest YouTube Instagram TikTok © The Motley Fool . All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io . About The Motley Fool About Us Careers Research Newsroom Contact Advertise Our Services All Services Stock Advisor Epic Epic Plus Fool Portfolios Fool One Motley Fool Money Around the Globe Fool Australia Fool Canada Free Tools CAPS Stock Ratings Discussion Boards Calculators Financial Dictionary Affiliates & Friends Motley Fool Asset Management Motley Fool Wealth Management Motley Fool Ventures Fool Community Foundation Become an Affiliate Partner Terms of Use Privacy Policy Disclosure Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions Do Not Sell My Personal Information Arrow-Thin-Down S&P 500 7,796.29 +0.6% +47.79 Arrow-Thin-Down DJI 53,764.33 -0.0% -5.94 Arrow-Thin-Down NASDAQ 26,802.95 +0.8% +214.46 Arrow-Thin-Down Bitcoin $63,050.00 -0.6% -$385.46 Arrow-Thin-Down SPCX $140.40 -3.9% -$5.76 Arrow-Thin-Down AAPL $302.98 +0.2% +$0.73 Arrow-Thin-Down AMZN $265.37 -0.7% -$1.91 Arrow-Thin-Down GOOG $343.97 +0.5% +$1.60 Arrow-Thin-Down META $588.48 +1.7% +$9.63 Arrow-Thin-Down MSFT $494.79 +0.5% +$2.36 Arrow-Thin-Down NVDA $225.35 +0.6% +$1.26 Arrow-Thin-Down TSLA $335.55 +2.5% +$8.04 arrow-left arrow-right Most Active Stocks Daily Stock Gainers Daily Stock Losers Earnings Call Transcript Mastercard (MA) Q1 2026 Earnings Transcript By Motley Fool Transcribing – Apr 30, 2026 at 2:02PM EST + Fool.com on Share Summarize with AI