=== PRESS RELEASE ===

Shopify Delivers Again as Merchants Clear $100 Billion in Q1 GMV Skip to Content Why Shopify Back Get started fast You could be selling by tomorrow. Switch to Shopify Get more customers. Make more sales. Trusted by enterprise brands No matter your size, complexity, or ambition. Built into every store World's best checkout Proven to convert better. Sidekick Your commerce-obsessed AI assistant. Products Back Build your website Website Builder Themes Domains Customer Accounts Sidekick Sell anywhere Online AI Chats Point of Sale Shop App Social & Marketplaces Global B2B Across Markets Marketing & analytics Advertising & Campaigns Email & Customer Chat Discounts Analytics Run your business Orders & Inventory Shipping Finances & Funding Workflow Automation Mobile Get paid Checkout Payments Taxes Customize & extend Shopify Commerce for Agents Build with our agent tools Shopify App Store Largest commerce ecosystem Shopify.dev Dev docs, CLI, and more Non-stop innovation Shopify Editions 150+ updates to Shopify, twice a year. Latest updates Agentic Storefronts Campaign Autopilot Shopify AI Toolkit for devs Pricing Enterprise Spring '26 Edition Log in Start for free Start for free Overview Podcasts Financials Financial Reports Quarterly Results SEC Filings Annual Reports News & Events Press Releases Events Governance Governance Documents Board of Directors Committee Composition Resources Stock Quote & Chart Investment Calculator Investor FAQs Email Alerts Log in Start for free Shopify Delivers Again as Merchants Clear $100 Billion in Q1 GMV May 5, 2026 PDF version PDF Internet, Everywhere, May 05, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Shopify (NASDAQ, TSX: SHOP) announced today financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2026. Shopify achieved 34% revenue growth and 15% free cash flow margins. "Shopify has entered the AI era with a clear edge: strong, durable growth and two decades of commerce intelligence. That puts us in a category of one, and we're about to see that advantage compound throughout 2026," said Harley Finkelstein, President of Shopify. Jeff Hoffmeister, Chief Financial Officer, said, "Q1 delivered broad-based growth across geographies, merchant sizes, and channels, with over $100 billion of GMV in the first quarter alone. That is the platform compounding. The durability of this model allows us to invest strategically in growth, both in the merchant-facing tools that drive commerce innovation and in the internal capabilities that let us build and ship faster. ” Selected Business Performance Information (1) (In US $ millions, except percentages) Three months ended March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 GMV 100,743 74,750 MRR Revenue 3,170 2,360 Gross profit 1,546 1,169 Operating income Free cash flow YoY revenue growth rate % % Free cash flow margin % % (1) See endnotes below for definitions of GMV and MRR and additional information on free cash flow and free cash flow margin, which are non-GAAP financial measures and are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures in the non-GAAP reconciliation at the end of this press release. 2026 Outlook The outlook that follows supersedes all prior financial outlook statements made by Shopify, constitutes forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable securities laws, is based on a number of assumptions, and is subject to a number of risks. Actual results could vary materially as a result of numerous factors, including certain risk factors, many of which are beyond Shopify’s control. Please see "Forward-looking Statements" at the end of this press release. For the second quarter of 2026, we expect: Revenue to grow at a high-twenties percentage rate on a year-over-year basis; Gross profit dollars to grow at a mid-twenties percentage rate on a year-over-year basis; Operating expenses as a percentage of revenue to be 35% to 36%; Stock-based compensation to be $145 million; and Free cash flow margin to be in the mid-teens. Quarterly Conference Call Shopify’s management team will hold a conference call to discuss our first-quarter results today, May 5, 2026, at 8:30 a.m. ET. The conference call will be webcast in the Investor Relations section of Shopify’s website at www.shopify.com/investors/events . An archived replay of the webcast will be available following the conclusion of the call. Shopify’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, including the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes, and Management's Discussion and Analysis, will be available on Shopify’s website at www.shopify.com and will be filed on EDGAR at www.sec.gov and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca. About Shopify Shopify provides essential internet infrastructure for commerce. Shopify’s all-in-one platform makes it easier to start, run, and grow a business, powering sales online, in-store, and everywhere in between. Millions of businesses in 175+ countries use Shopify—from entrepreneurs to brands like Aldo, BarkBox, Carrier, Meta, Vuori, SKIMS, and Supreme. For more information, visit www.shopify.com

CONTACT INVESTORS: Carrie Gillard

CONTACT MEDIA: Ben McConaghy Director, Investor Relations Director, Communications IR@shopify.com press@shopify.com Shopify Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (In US $ millions) Three months ended March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 Revenues Subscription solutions Merchant solutions 2,420 1,740 3,170 2,360 Cost of revenues Subscription solutions Merchant solutions 1,476 1,068 1,624 1,191 Gross profit 1,546 1,169 Operating expenses Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Transaction and loan losses Total operating expenses 1,164 Operating income Net other expense, including taxes (2) (963 ) (885 ) Net loss (581 ) (682 ) less: equity investments, marked to market, net of taxes (941 ) (908 ) Net income excluding the impact of equity investments (3) (2) Net other expense, including taxes includes interest income, gains and losses on equity and other investments, foreign exchange gains and losses, and our provision for income taxes. (3) Net income excluding the impact of equity investments is a non-GAAP financial measure which is reconciled at the end of this press release. This measure excludes the impact of any gains or losses on our equity investments in third parties. Shopify believes this measure provides useful information to investors given that valuations of third parties in public and private markets are outside of our control, and therefore, fluctuations in those valuations are not relevant to the fundamentals of our business and have little analytical or predictive value regarding our ability to drive operational results. This measure does not have a standardized meaning under US GAAP and may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. GAAP and non-GAAP diluted net income (loss) per share are available in the Financial Supplemental posted on www.shopify.com/investors . Note: More detailed Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss are available in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed concurrently with this press release with US and Canadian regulators and available on www.sec.gov and www.sedarplus.ca . Shopify Inc. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (In US $ millions) March 31, 2026 December 31, 2025 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents 1,848 1,545 Marketable securities 3,895 4,233 Trade and other receivables, net Loans and merchant cash advances, net 2,097 1,784 Other current assets 8,495 8,296 Long-term assets Long-term assets (4) Deferred tax assets Long-term investments Equity and other investments 3,533 4,582 Equity method investment Goodwill 5,626 6,893 Total assets 14,121 15,189 Liabilities and shareholders’ equity Liabilities Accounts payable Deferred tax liabilities — Other liabilities (5) 1,091 1,091 1,620 1,716 Shareholders’ equity 12,501 13,473 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity 14,121 15,189 (4) Long-term assets includes Property and equipment, net, Operating lease right-of-use assets, net, Intangible assets, net, and Other long-term assets. (5) Other liabilities includes Accrued liabilities, Current and Long-term Deferred revenue, and Operating lease liabilities. Note: More detailed Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet and Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are available in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed concurrently with this press release with US and Canadian regulators and available on www.sec.gov and www.sedarplus.ca . Shopify Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In US $ millions) Three months ended March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss for the period (581) (682) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Amortization and depreciation Stock-based compensation Provision for transaction and loan losses Deferred income tax recovery (139) (129) Revenue related to non-cash consideration (12) (13) Net loss on equity and other investments 1,061 1,021 Net loss on equity method investment Unrealized foreign exchange loss (gain) (12) Changes in operating assets and liabilities (70) (6) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of property and equipment (5) (4) Purchases of marketable securities (843) (1,718) Maturities of marketable securities 1,463 1,331 Purchases and originations of loans (1,349) (805) Repayments and sales of loans 1,043 Purchases of equity and other investments (1) (4) Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired — (56) Other — Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (619) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from the exercise of stock options Repurchases of common stock (491) — Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (485) Effect of foreign exchange on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (3) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (189) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash – beginning of period 1,545 1,498 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash – end of period 1,848 1,309 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures Free Cash Flow Reconciliation (In US $ millions, except percentages) The following table illustrates how free cash flow is calculated in this press release: Three months ended March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 Net cash provided by operating activities less: capital expenditures (6) (5 ) (4 ) Free cash flow Revenue 3,170 2,360 Free cash flow margin % % (6) Capital expenditures is equivalent to the amount included in “Purchases of property and equipment” on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the reported period. Net Income Excluding the Impact of Equity Investments Reconciliation (In US $ millions) The following table illustrates how Net income excluding the impact of equity investments is calculated in this press release: Three months ended March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 Net loss (581 ) (682 ) less: equity investments, marked to market, net of taxes (941 ) (908 ) Net income excluding the impact of equity investments (3) Constant Currency Analysis (In US $ millions, except percentages) The following table converts our GMV, revenues, gross profit, and operating income using the comparative period's monthly average exchange rates. We have provided the below disclosure as we believe it presents a clear comparison of our period-to-period operating results by removing the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and to assist investors in understanding our financial and operating performance. The table below and our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations disclosure are supplements to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with US GAAP (excluding GMV). Three months ended March 31, GMV Revenue Subscription solutions revenue Merchant solutions revenue Gross profit Operating income 2025 as reported 74,750 2,360 1,740 1,169 2026 as reported 100,743 3,170 2,420 1,546 Percentage change YoY % % % % % % Constant currency impact 3,302 Percentage change YoY constant currency % % % % % % Regulatory Disclosures and Forward-looking Statements Advisory Regarding Forward-looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements and forward-looking information (collectively, “forward-looking statements”), including statements related to Shopify’s financial outlook, such as expected revenue and expenses for the next fiscal quarter, Shopify's expectations regarding its ability to support merchants as they scale, and Shopify's expectations regarding the development of emerging technologies, including AI. These statements can be identified by words such as "will" and “expect” and are based on Shopify's current projections and expectations about future events and financial results. Known and unknown risks may cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. These risks include, but are not limited to, the Company’s ability to maintain expected growth and manage expenses, the impact of changes in economic conditions and consumer spending in key markets such as the United States, Europe, and globally, the impact of measures that affect international trade, including tariffs, the adoption and impact of emerging technologies such as AI, our reliance on third-party providers to deliver services, a cyberattack or security breach, and serious errors or defects in software or hardware. Other factors and risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set out in the forward-looking statements are set out in Shopify's Form 10-Q under the heading “Risk Factors” and other filings made with US and Canadian securities regulators, available at www.sec.gov and www.sedarplus.ca . Undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements in this press release, which are based on information available to management on the date hereof and represent management’s beliefs regarding future events, projections, and financial trends, which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain. The forward-looking statements are provided to give additional information about management’s expectations and beliefs and may not be appropriate for other purposes. Shopify undertakes no duty to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as may be required by law. Endnotes: Gross Merchandise Volume, or GMV, represents the total dollar value of orders facilitated through the Shopify platform including certain apps and channels for which a revenue-sharing arrangement is in place in the period, net of refunds, and inclusive of shipping and handling, duty, and value-added taxes. Monthly Recurring Revenue, or MRR, is the aggregate value of all subscription plans, excluding variable platform fees, in effect on the last day of the period, assuming merchants maintain their subscription the following month and is used by management as a directional indicator of subscription solutions revenue going forward. Free cash flow and free cash flow margin are non-GAAP financial measures that are reconciled in the non-GAAP reconciliation within this press release. These non-GAAP financial measures do not have standardized meanings under US GAAP and may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. Shopify believes free cash flow and free cash flow margin provide useful information to help investors and others understand our operating results and the performance of our business in the same manner as management. Shopify does not reconcile forward-looking non-GAAP free cash flow margin because certain financial information, the probable significance of which cannot be determined, is not available and cannot be reasonably estimated. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure calculated as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures. Shopify What is Shopify? Shopify Editions Careers Investors Newsroom Sustainability Ecosystem Developer Docs Theme Store App Store Partners Affiliates Resources Blog Compare Shopify Guides Courses Free Tools Changelog Support Shopify Help Center Community Forum Hire a Partner Service Status USA | English USA English USA | English Choose a region & language USA English Terms of Service Legal Privacy Policy Sitemap Your Privacy Choices

=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

Shopify (SHOP) Q1 2026 Earnings Transcript | The Motley Fool Accessibility Menu ▲ S&P 500 + ---% | ▲ Stock Advisor + ---% Join The Motley Fool Search for a company Accessibility ... Help Our Services All Services Stock Advisor Epic Epic Plus Fool Portfolios Fool One Compare All Podcasts Hidden Gems Investing Podcast Rule Breaker Investing Podcast The Motley Fool Foundation Stock Market News Trending News Stock Market News Market Movers Tech Stock News Market Trends Crypto News Stock Market Indexes Today Most Active Stocks Today Today's Biggest Stock Gainers Today's Biggest Stock Losers Stock Quotes by Exchange Market Research 📨 Breakfast News Top Stocks to Buy Now Best ETFs to Buy Best AI Stocks Best Growth Stocks Dividend Kings Best Index Funds Next Cryptos to Explode Technology Energy Real Estate Healthcare Consumer Goods Materials Industrials How to Invest How to Invest Money What to Invest In How to Invest in Stocks How to Invest in ETFs How to Invest in Index Funds How to Invest in Bonds Financial Dictionary Stock Market 101 Types of Stocks Stock Market Sectors Stock Market Indexes What Are Stock Splits? What Is Compound Interest? After Hours Trading How to Buy Stock Best Brokers for Beginners Best Brokerage Accounts Good Time to Buy Stocks How Many Shares to Buy? Portfolio Diversification How to Invest $100 Magnificent Seven Companies Warren Buffett Investments Investing in ChatGPT Investing in SpaceX Investing in OpenAI Investing in Nvidia Investing in Databricks Retirement Retirement News Retirement 101 Types of Retirement Accounts How to Contribute to 401k/IRA? Strategies to Save for Retirement Asset Allocation for My Age Best IRA Brokerage Accounts Social Security 101 How to Maximize Social Security? Full Retirement Age COLAs Calculate Your SS Benefits Collecting Spousal Benefits Maximize Social Security Benefit How Much Do I Need to Retire? When To Retire 401(k) Plans 403(b) Plans Roth IRA Plans IRA Plans HSA Plans Complete Retirement Guide Best & Worst States to Retire Average Retirement Savings Moving for Retirement Healthcare in Retirement Understanding Taxes in Retirement 401(k) Minimum Distributions Personal Finance Best Credit Cards Compare Credit Cards Credit Card Reviews Credit Card Guides and Tools Best Savings Accounts Bank Reviews Best Personal Loans Personal Loan Reviews Best Mortgage Lenders Current Mortgage Rates Mortgage Lender Reviews Guide to Mortgages Auto Insurance Home Insurance Life Insurance About Us About Us Contact Us Investing Philosophy Motley Fool Money Fool Community Foundation Reviews Newsroom YouTube LinkedIn X Facebook Instagram Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Advertise With Us Become an Affiliate Partner Publishing Standards All Services Stock Advisor Epic Epic Plus Fool Portfolios Fool One Bars Image source: The Motley Fool. Date Tuesday, May 5, 2026 at 8:30 a.m. ET Call participants President — Harley Finkelstein Chief Financial Officer — Jeff Hoffmeister Director, Investor Relations — Carrie Gillard Need a quote from a Motley Fool analyst? Email [email protected] Takeaways Gross Merchandise Volume (GMV) -- $101 billion, reflecting 35% growth and marking the second consecutive quarter above $100 billion. Revenue -- $3.2 billion, representing 34% growth for the quarter. Free Cash Flow -- $476 million, providing a 15% free cash flow margin, with free cash flow margins in the mid- to high teens maintained for four consecutive quarters. Gross Profit -- Increased 32% for the period, with a three-year compounded annual growth rate of 29%. Merchant Solutions Revenue -- Rose 39%, fueled by GMV strength and deeper Shopify Payments penetration. Shopify Payments GMV -- $67 billion processed, 41% higher than the prior year, now comprising 67% of total GMV, up 3 percentage points year over year. Shop Pay GMV -- $35 billion processed, up 59%, with international Shop Pay GMV advancing over 70%. Operating Expenses -- $1.2 billion, accounting for 37% of revenue, improving by 4 percentage points from the previous year. Subscription Solutions Revenue -- Gained 21%, with growth balanced across plus and standard monthly subscriptions, platform fees, and app, theme, and domain sales. Monthly Recurring Revenue (MRR) -- Expanded 16%, with “Plus” plans contributing 35% of MRR, up from 34%. B2B GMV -- Increased 80%, reflecting broad adoption from both new and established merchants. Offline GMV -- Rose 33%, with the fastest expansion among merchants operating more than 20 retail locations, up 50% in that subcategory. AI Adoption (Sidekick) -- Weekly active shops utilizing Sidekick jumped 385%, and over 12,000 custom apps were built using Sidekick in the quarter, up over 200% sequentially. Shop App GMV -- Grew 70%, with monthly active users up more than 40% and unique buyers up over 50%. International GMV -- Delivered 45% growth, with cross-border activity now 16% of total GMV. European GMV -- Increased 48%, or 35% in constant currency, outpacing North American growth. AI-Driven Traffic and Orders -- AI-driven store traffic grew 8x and orders from AI-powered searches increased nearly 13x, with new buyer orders occurring at nearly twice the rate of other channels. Campaigns Merchant Adoption -- Number of merchants with a live campaign rose 3x, with “Shop campaigns” accounting for as much as 25% of GMV for some small and medium businesses. Transaction and Loan Losses -- Accounted for 3.7% of revenue, up from 3.2% last year, with credit losses primarily responsible for the increase. Enterprise Growth -- Merchants doing over $100 million in annual GMV have nearly doubled in two years, now contributing a growing share of overall revenue. Outlook -- Q2 revenue growth is projected in the high 20% range, with gross profit growth expected in the mid-20% range and free cash flow margins to remain in the mid-teens. Summary Shopify (NYSE: SHOP) reported rapid expansion across merchant segments, geographies, and channels, underscoring durable topline and margin performance alongside significant advances in AI product adoption. Management emphasized acceleration in enterprise merchant onboarding, particularly from legacy retail brands seeking unified commerce capabilities, and pointed to record growth in AI-driven commerce interactions through proprietary features like Sidekick and Pulse. The platform’s integration with industry standards, such as the Universal Commerce Protocol (UCP), was highlighted as central to its positioning at the center of open, agentic commerce, working collectively with key partners including Stripe, Amazon, Meta, Microsoft, and Salesforce. Payment products, especially Shop Pay’s international penetration and overall Payments volume, supported robust margin contribution and reinforced Shopify’s value proposition across both direct-to-consumer and B2B verticals. Operational leverage was attributed to persistent AI deployment internally, supporting both flat headcount and efficiency improvements in R&D, sales, and marketing spending. Harley Finkelstein stated, "AI is now Shopify's native language," describing the transformational operational and merchant impact of company-wide AI integration. The Universal Commerce Protocol (UCP) was cited as an open industry standard co-developed with Google, attracting participation from Stripe, Amazon, Meta, Microsoft, and Salesforce. Almost 90% of revenue was generated from merchants on the platform for more than a year, demonstrating not only new merchant traction but sustained cohort growth. Subscription Solutions revenue and platform fees growth was driven by both merchant upgrades and new merchant additions, rather than reliance on a single component. Shopify commented that, "orders from AI searches are up nearly 13x," and that "new buyer orders from AI searches are actually occurring at nearly twice the rate of traditional organic search." Management disclosed that 50% or more of code at Shopify is now written by AI, supporting accelerated product deployment with a flat headcount. The company signaled that expansion into financial services—including capital and balance products—will continue as embedded offerings aligned to merchant needs. Industry glossary GMV (Gross Merchandise Volume) : The total dollar value of orders processed across the platform during a given period, representing the aggregate transaction volume for all merchants. Sidekick : Shopify’s AI-powered assistant, embedded throughout the platform for custom app development, operational automation, and personalized merchant support. Shop Pay : Shopify's proprietary one-tap checkout solution, designed for both speed and multi-channel versatility, including international payment capabilities. Universal Commerce Protocol (UCP) : An open, cross-platform technical standard co-developed by Shopify and Google for facilitating agentic commerce across multiple providers, integrating discovery, checkout, payment, and fulfillment. MRR (Monthly Recurring Revenue) : The normalized monthly revenue generated from active subscriptions (standard and Plus tiers), measured on a consistent, recurring basis. Agentic Commerce : Commerce conducted by AI-powered agents or automated systems operating across surfaces and platforms, including discovery, recommendation, and execution on behalf of merchants or buyers. Full Conference Call Transcript Harley Finkelstein: Thanks, Carrie, and thanks to everyone for joining us. We've got a lot to talk about today. Commerce is moving at lightning speed right now and so is Shopify. So first, let's kick off with the headlines. Q1 GMV was $101 billion, that is up 35%. I'll say that again, Q1 GMV was $101 billion. That is the second consecutive quarter our merchants have done over $100 billion in sales. Now that is commerce at a truly vast scale. Our revenue was $3.2 billion for the quarter, that is up 34%. And our free cash flow was $476 million, delivering a 15% free cash flow margin. That means we've now put up 4 straight quarters of 30% or more revenue and GMV growth alongside mid- to high teens free cash flow margins every single quarter. There are very few publicly traded companies today that are able to make that claim at anything like the scale. It is a very small club and that is something we are very proud of. And the reason is actually very simple. We've never lost sight of our mission to help our merchants win. And that is why every day, we are seeing new businesses light up with their very first sale. And in tandem, we're seeing more of the world's biggest brands migrating to us from all corners of commerce. In Q1, we signed 3 legends of luxury, Mulberry, BevMo! and LVMH. And in fashion, we welcomed Ragan Bone, luxury outlets, the Outnet and RooGuilt Group and the iconic Lands End. BevMo!, one of the largest liquor store retailers in the U.S., has brought us into power all of their locations with Shopify point-of sale. And Orvis, the outdoor brand that was founded in 1856 is moving to Shopify for a full unified commerce solution. Meanwhile, Q1 saws go live with incredible brands like The Benetton Group, Victoria's Secrets, Body, Epic Shop by Vail Resorts and Reitmans. And here's the best part. We're not just winning the retail legends of today, we're powering the retail legends of tomorrow, and it's happening really fast. We'll get into some real merchant stories later because the velocity we're creating is important to understand. Okay. Let's step back for a second. There's a lot of noise around what AI will mean, at an individual level, at a company level and at a cultural level. Now here's our perspective. First, we're not approaching a new era anymore. We are already in it. In 2026, AI is now Shopify's native language. We bet early on AI and forced its adoption. It's embedded in everything we do, the products we build, the channels we power, the way every single person on the team operates. AI has become an exoskeleton for everyone at Shopify, giving them a virtual team of agents and that makes room for rapid experimentation. It allows them to pursue multiple ideas at the same time and then double down on the winners. And here's what else we believe to be true. No group benefits more from AI than entrepreneurs. The logic is simple. AI is making entrepreneurship dramatically more accessible and in fact, accelerated. That means we're going to see more entrepreneurs, and they're going to scale more easily. AI-powered shopping democratizes discovery. Reach is not just influenced by budget anymore, it is influenced by relevance, which benefits both merchant and buyer. And the right products fund the right shopper at the right moment. And this is enormous potential for new and scaling merchants. And because we win when they win, it also has enormous potential for Shopify. So let's just say the thing. There's always going to be some market confusion when we see a significant shift like we're seeing right now with the rise of AI. We've seen it before. I'm sure we'll see it again. And every single time the world gets more complex, Shopify gets more valuable. We absorb more of that complexity into our systems and become more valuable to merchants. So when we look at this new era of commerce that we're in, there are really 3 core principles that [indiscernible] by Shopify is in such a strong position. That's what we're focused on, and that's what we're going to talk about today. The first principle, Shopify has a huge advantage that is about to compound. We have 20 years of commerce data. We have data on purchase intent across millions of merchants, hundreds of millions of buyers and billions of products. And in a world where real-time information is now table stakes, the edge is the insight beneath it. And that requires a depth, not just access but experience. We've seen merchants start, stall, pivot and scale millions of times across every category and geography. It allows us to build on the real behavior of commerce and to keep shipping products grounded in insights only we have. Deep experience applied at speed. That is very hard to replicate and it compounds. Every capability we add embeds merchants further into the platform and grows the value of being on Shopify. And Sidekick is the perfect example of this. As a reminder, this is our intelligent assistant, which is trained on our knowledge base, payer with completely personalized Intel, it has it each merchant's particular business. Now last quarter, we told you the numbers were encouraging. Well, that was just the beginning. The number of weekly active shops using Sidekick in Q1 was up 4x year-over-year. We saw over 12,000 custom apps created in Q1 alone using Sidekick. And nearly half of all Shopify flows generated in Q1 were built with Sidekick. And Theme Edits just from last quarter are in the multimillions, growing over 1,000% in a single quarter. Every app built, every automation created, every task completed is the merchant getting more done with less and running a smarter and a more productive business on Shopify. In a world where discovery is changing faster than ever, where AI is reshaping help buyers find products and how information surfaces, these merchants are moving faster using Sidekick to keep pace with where commerce is going. And then there's Pulse. Sidekick's smart suggestions feature, which proactively delivers personalized recommendations for merchants using market trends and data from their store, which Sidekick then executes on the merchant's behalf. And I'll give you a great example that I just saw the other day. It was an accessory brand, and Pulse noticed that this brand was getting attention in the right places. Its products were being endorsed by fashion publications and showing up on celebrities' Instagram profiles. So it proactively suggested that the merchant create a social proof page on their website to build trust and validation. And once the merchant agreed, Sidekick created that page on the merchant's behalf, and it was already all within minutes. Now just a few months ago, that process multiple specialists, marketing design, copywriting and often an incremental cost to the merchant and likely several weeks from start to finish. And now it is happening autonomously in minutes at 0 incremental costs to the merchant. And that is just one of the smart recommendations being served up to that merchant as part of their daily operations. This is our compounding advantage. Commerce intelligence, power smart tools that drives merchant success, which in turn, powers more commerce intelligence. Now that leads nicely into the second principle, which is the demand conversion flywheel. It should be getting more obvious that every quarter that Shopify is no longer just the platform to convert demand, we are becoming the platform to create it to. And that end-to-end position is a major advantage for merchants. First and foremost, online GMV growth accelerated year-over-year. This is our DNA, the core of our business. The online store is not going anywhere. In fact, we believe that new and emerging and AI channels places like ChatGPT, Microsoft Copilot, Google AI Surfaces and Meta will be a tailwind to driving e-commerce growth and penetration over time. So let's talk about these channels. We are the only platform that enables discovery and selling inside ChatGPT, Copilot and Google, all from one single system of record. And the early signals on AI channels are really compelling. And in the first quarter, AI-driven traffic to Shopify stores has grown 8x year-over-year, while orders from AI-powered searches have increased nearly 13x. And within this, new buyer orders are occurring at nearly twice the rate of other channels. Okay. Now let's talk about Shopify's catalog because this really, really matters. To date, we've structured more than 1 billion products with clean attributes, real-time pricing and accurate inventory. So AI agents can surface the most relevant products in seconds, and the results speak for themselves. Traffic from catalog-powered AI searches convert 2x more than traffic from general AI searches where the agent is working from scraped or often outdated information from across the web. That is the value Shopify brings. Okay. I'll give you another example of driving demand. Campaigns, which is one of our ad products, finding new customers one of the hardest things we're running the business. Paid marketing has historically been expensive, complex and simply out of reach for smaller merchants who don't have the budget or the expertise to compete with larger brands. Well, campaigns is changing that. In Q1, the number of merchants with a live campaign was up 3x year-over-year. That is not a small signal, that is a product that is starting to have a true impact on our merchants. And what I love is the impact this is having on SMBs, in particular, because a lot of them would not otherwise have had access to performance marketing at this level. For some of the smaller merchants, shop campaigns is contributing as much as 1/4 of their total GMV. That is not a nice to have. That is a growth engine. Shopify is giving them economies of scale that were previously only available to the largest brands. And with new channels added in Q1, including ChatGPT, Pinterest and Microsoft monetize, we're bringing more services and more reach and more buyers into the ecosystem. Here's another example of driving demand, the Shop App. Shop App had a strong Q1. GMV was up 70% year-over-year, a clear signal that the buyer network is deepening and shop is becoming a meaningful commerce destination in its own right. Monthly active users grew over 40% year-over-year and unique buyers purchasing directly on Shop grew over 50% compared to Q1 of last year, meaning more new shoppers are discovering and buying through the Shop app than ever before. And remember, the Shop app is just one facet of shop, which is the buyer-facing side of Shopify. Sign in with Shop is our user verification tool, which recognizes buyers across devices, stores and surfaces with no sign in friction. And usage is growing steadily. We are up 3x year-over-year, and it is now enabled across nearly our entire merchant store from base. In an agenetic world, this really matters. Agents need to know who they are buying for and we are ready. This is the Shopify flywheel. We're not just converting demand, we're also intelligently creating it by surfacing the right products, personalize the right shoppers at exactly the right time. Our compounding advantage, the billions of data points we've collected over 20 years of commerce, powers our demand conversion flywheel, which is moving faster every quarter. These are not small things. These are the principles that will power the future of commerce. Okay. The third principle I'll leave you with is what I call invisible complexity. Here's the thing. The hardest parts of commerce are the parts that nobody sees, and this is where Shopify thrives. We saw it when the online DTC boom happened and everybody wanted to build their own stack. We saw it when social commerce started to take off and people predicted storefronts would migrate into their social feeds. And we've been seeing it again this year with some uncertainty around what AI will mean for commerce. But commerce is massively complex. We just spent 2 decades making it look easy. Merchants bring their product and we handle everything else. And every time the world gets more complex, that role becomes more valuable. And the industry agrees, as you might have seen with the latest news on the Universal Commerce Protocol, or UCP, which we co-developed with Google. UCP is an open protocol that makes agentic commerce work at scale. It enables the full commerce journey, product discovery, checkout, payment post purchase across any platform with any payment processor. We codevelop UCP because we believe the future of commerce runs an open standards, not closed systems. And then we created the UCP Tech Council, the technical body, that steers the protocols direction to ensure it evolves to meet the needs of businesses, platforms, developers and consumers. We are now seeing the biggest and most innovative companies across essentially the entire industry coming together around UCP to help push agentic commerce forward. And last month, Amazon, Meta, Microsoft, Salesforce and Stripe all join the counsel, committing their expertise in Internet scale transaction processing to build one universal protocol for commerce. The companies that power how the world shops are now building on one standard, and Shopify is at the center of how commerce gets done in the age of AI agents, and this is what it looks like in practice. Payments is another perfect example of invisible complexity. It's designed to feel simple, but under the hood, it's anything but fraud detection, tax calculation, compliance across dozens of markets, currency conversion, identity verification, payment authorization, all working together invisibly at lightning speed. Shopify Payments is built on top of all that comprehensive tooling, designed to ensure merchants can sell easily across every channel, including a agentic without adding incremental complexity. And for small businesses, especially, this matters enormously. Managing and reconciling multiple payment processors is a distraction no merchant needs. And we do not do this alone. We work with the best-in-class partners, Stripe, Affirm, Globally, PayPal, local payment methods all over the world, all integrated and all available and all managed in one place. Merchants get the breadth of a global payments ecosystem with the complexity of managing it themselves. This is the Shopify difference. In Q1, Shopify Payments processed $67 billion of GMV, up 41% from last year, reaching 67% penetration. That number keeps moving up every quarter because merchants trust the full platform, not just the check at moment. And then, of course, their Shop Pay, the Internet's favorite checkout, because we believe it is simply the easiest way to buy anything anywhere, one tap, done. All the complexity of payments completely hidden. In Q1, Shop Pay processed $35 billion of GMV, up 59% year-over-year. Outside the U.S., Shop Pay GMV in Q1 grew over 70% as we continue to expand into more markets, supporting major local payment methods all over the world. making it not just the Internet's favorite checkout, but one that feels native to buyers wherever they are. In fact, international is another perfect example of massive, but almost invisible complexity. Q1 delivered international GMV growth of 45% with cross-border GMV representing 16% of total. We are consistently rolling out new updates and products to grow our international footprint. In Q1, we quietly shipped updates that individually may not make headlines, but together are steadily making Shopify more native to more places. Things like merchant billing, which is now in 7 new European currencies or capital now available in France or smart market and smart language recommendations where merchants get relevant recommendations based on the markets they sell into. Every quarter, we build more. And we removed more barriers for merchants all over the world to choose Shopify. Now let's talk enterprise because there's perhaps nowhere that this idea of invisible complexity shows up more clearly. Custom stacks and legacy platforms were built for a world that no longer exists. They're slow to adapt, expensive to maintain and increasingly unable to keep pace with how buyers shop today, let alone tomorrow. Our value proposition is straightforward, better conversion, lower total cost of ownership and a unified commerce system that actually works at a speed and a price point legacy platforms cannot match. You see this shift most clearly in heritage retail, brands like Orvis, Mattel and Hunter Douglas. These are companies that built their names over decades, or in some cases, centuries. They know retail. What they're grappling with is the technology underneath, legacy systems that are costly, slow and holding them back. And they're not just coming to Shopify for an online store. We're in the room for a much bigger conversation. Unified Commerce, POS, Payments, B2B, agenetic surfaces, the full picture. And once they join, they stay. More products, more surfaces, more of their business running on Shopify. But enterprise growth is not just about brands choosing Shopify, it's also about brands growing up on Shopify. Groons, for example, the gummy supplement brand that launched in Shopify in 2023, well, last month, they were acquired by Unilever for over $1 billion. In just over 2 years, they scaled to hundreds of millions in revenue. So the opportunity here is large and growing, and we're continuing to go after it. In just the last 2 years, the total number of large merchants doing $100 million or more in GMV on Shopify has nearly doubled. That is real growth. And it's coming from merchants that are scaling into that category as well as those that are already there and looking to modernize for what's next. And all of this puts us in an incredibly strong position to continue driving this part of the business. On our last call, I said we'll see more billion-dollar brands born in the next 10 years than the last 100. And a lot of people thought that was hyperbole. It was not. Groons is a perfect example, and everything we're building is designed to make this happen faster. So when I zoom out, this is what I see. Over 2 decades, we've collected deeper commerce knowledge than almost anyone else on the planet. We've used that knowledge to build a platform that makes it not just possible, but common for a single entrepreneur to become a massive business in a couple of years, if not less. And we're now moving into an era that will benefit entrepreneurs more than any other group. There is simply no job that will be more accelerated by AI than entrepreneurship. That means there are about to be a lot more entrepreneurs, and that means more people that need the Shopify platform. And in the meantime, we're continuing to deliver strong and durable growth. real operating leverage, fast product velocity and a platform advantage that keeps compounding. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff. Jeff Hoffmeister: Thanks, Harley. Q1 reflects strength across all dimensions of our business, not just any one in isolation. Our growth is broad-based across geographies, merchant sizes and channels. International, enterprise, off-line and BB are all scaling. Underneath all of this, the cohort dynamics continue to compound. I believe that remains one of the most underappreciated characteristics of our business. Each quarter's results are an aggregation of successes over many years of merchant cohorts. Each new cohort stacks on top of the prior one and our newer cohorts are larger than the ones before them, a reflection of the breadth of merchants we are attracting. But what's incredible is that the older cohorts, even the merchants who have been on Shopify for many years, are not plateauing. They continue to grow. As an example, in Q1, almost 90% of our revenue was from merchants who have been on the platform for more than a year. The driving force is our platform and product velocity. That's the structural advantage of Shopify. We give you everything you need by operating across the entire commerce stack. It's not the power of any 1 element of the platform. It's how they all work together to help merchants accelerate their success. It's a knowledge and expertise readily available through Sidekick. It's the speed, context and simplified complexity behind checkout. It's the ability to sell across every channel, every surface and every geography from day 1. Internally, we are making every function faster, sharper and more productive. An output per employee is improving through deliberate AI usage. The result is that we are building more, shipping more and serving more merchants. The leverage we have and continue to deliver is what funds ongoing investment. In AI infrastructure, global reach and platform death. That discipline is what we have demonstrated consistently. We will always lean into growth because as we grow, we invest more in driving success for our merchants and for Shopify. Now let's take a closer look at our GMV. Unless otherwise specified, all growth rates are presented on a year-over-year basis. Q1 GMV was $101 billion, marking our second quarter with GMV over $100 billion, representing growth of 35% or 30% on a constant currency basis. Diving deeper into different GMV perspectives, let's first look at merchant size. In recent quarterly calls, I've talked about 3 strata, merchants doing up to $2 million in GMV, those doing $2 million to $25 million in GMV and those doing more than $25 million. We saw strength across merchant GMV bands consistent with recent trends. The $2 million to $25 million GMV band added the most incremental revenues year-over-year, but the other 2 segments were not far behind. And the greater than 25 million band merchants are growing the fastest. Further, when we look at just our merchants doing more than $100 million in annual GMV, we see a consistent and accelerating growth story. The share of our revenue coming from that segment has grown each year, up over 200 basis points in the last 2 years. This is a multiyear view playing out exactly as we expected. Moving to regions. Europe maintained its momentum with European GMV up 48% or 35% in constant currency. 2025 was an outstanding year in Europe. So delivering continued mid-30s growth in constant currency against that backdrop reflects years of deliberate investment in that market. North America accelerated from an already strong Q4, demonstrating the continued durability of our core market. That is, of course, on significantly higher GMV levels, demonstrating our ability to not only grow well in our largest market, but also further tap into the immense opportunity outside of the U.S. Regarding same-store growth and new merchant acquisition, the contribution from each was relatively balanced, a split that has remained consistent for multiple quarters now. Finally, turning to channels. Two channels to call out this quarter. Offline GMV was up 33% and accelerating from Q4. The fastest-growing slice within off-line remain merchants operating more than 20 stores, which this quarter had location growth of 50% year-over-year. B2B GMV grew 80% in Q1 with broad growth across both new and established merchants. In Q1, we made several other features of our B2B offering available to most of our standard subscription plans, given these merchants the ability to manage their wholesale and D2C's needs side-by-side in 1 place. Now turning to revenue. Q1 revenue grew 34% or 32% on a constant currency basis, fueled by the GMV outperformance. North America grew 33%; Europe, 42%; and Asia Pacific, 30%. The pace of growth in Europe speaks to the opportunity that remains ahead. And while growth internationally continues to outpace North America, North America had its strongest quarterly growth rate in over 4 years. Merchant Solutions revenue grew 39%, driven primarily by the strength in GMV and increased penetration of Shopify payments. $67 billion of GMV was processed on Shopify Payments in Q1, that's 41% higher than the prior year and 67% of GMV, 3 points higher than Q1 of 2025. We see a clear path for the rate to continue moving higher, stemming from deeper penetration across all geographies, growing adoption in the 15 European countries in Mexico where we launched payments last year, expansion into new countries beyond the 39 where we are today and continued Shop Pay momentum. Near term, Europe will be a headwind to Global Payments penetration metrics, given the recent launches of payments in numerous countries last year, but that should prove to be a tailwind for us over time. Subscription Solutions revenue grew 21%. The incremental year-over-year revenues were fairly balanced across 4 elements: monthly subscriptions for our plus plans, monthly subscriptions for our standard plans, variable platform fees and lastly, revenue from apps, themes and domains. The growth in our plus and standard monthly subscriptions reflects 2 things working simultaneously, new merchants coming on to the platform and existing merchants upgrading as our businesses scale. Both are driving the growth. The growth in variable platform fees reflects 2 primary factors. The average VPF rate has increased and plus merchants this past quarter grew faster than our overall merchant base. The growth in our revenue from apps, themes and domains reflects both the quality of our developer ecosystem, with thousands of apps extending the capabilities of our platform and changes to our developer revenue share terms that created a favorable comparability dynamic, which it largely normalize as we progress through the year. Q1 MRR grew 16% year-over-year with continued growth across standard, plus and point of sale. As a reminder, Q1 was the final quarter where our year-over-year growth rates in MRR are impacted by our rollout of 3-month trials in our largest markets in Q1 2025. That headwind is behind us. Plus MRR represented 35% of MRR for the quarter, up from 34% a year ago. Q1 gross profit grew 32%, coming in slightly ahead of our expectations, driven by the outperformance in revenue. Our gross profit has now grown in a compounded annual growth rate of 29% over the past 3 years. Gross profit for Subscription Solutions grew 21%, with gross margin coming in at 80%, in line with Q1 2025. Economies of scale and efficiencies and support were partially offset by increased LLM cost, driven by growing merchant usage of our AI products, most notably Sikik. We expect this dynamic to continue. The more merchants use these products, the more data we have and the better the outcomes we can deliver. And the better the outcomes, the more deeply embedded they become in the platform. Additionally, changes to our developer revenue share terms I mentioned earlier also contributed a tailwind to gross profit dollars. With the biggest benefit expected in Q1, normalizing as we progress through the year. Merchant Solutions gross profit grew 40% with gross margin coming in at 39%, essentially flat year-over-year. No specific items to call out as similar dynamics played out as we have seen in prior quarters. Operating expenses were $1.2 billion for the first quarter or 37% of revenue, a 4-point improvement from Q1 last year. We continue to drive operating leverage through 2 key elements: growing gross profit dollars and delivering continued headcount discipline. Both of these allow us to invest in further AI usage internally and our returns-based marketing, which in turn helps fuel more growth, R&D, sales and marketing and G&A as a percentage of revenue each improved year-over-year. Transaction and loan losses came in at 3.7% of revenue, up from 3.2% in Q1 2025. As a reminder, the dollar amounts here tend to scale with volumes in our payments, capital and credit products. Each of these products continues to grow well. So the goal, of course, is to keep loss rates low as we scale merchant adoption. Payments revenues continues to grow very nicely. As I mentioned earlier, and our loss rate in payments in Q1 was below Q1 of last year. Credit was the largest component of the year-over-year increase. Q1 free cash flow was $476 million or 15% of revenue, in line with our outlook. As previewed on our last call, these results reflect a slightly higher effective tax rate. One item to note before turning to outlook. Beginning in the second quarter, we are adopting an accounting treatment for our merchant cash advances. That will match the accounting for our capital loans. This transition was prompted by some regulatory changes in Canada and related subsequent changes to our merchant cash advances product in Canada. For Q2, relative to our current accounting, this change is expected to be a tailwind of approximately 0.5 point to free cash flow margins. With that, let's move to our outlook for Q2. We expect Q2 revenue growth in the high 20s year-over-year. The expected sources of growth are consistent with the drivers that we saw in Q1 with the one key difference being that our Q2 revenue guidance assumes approximately 0.5 point of FX tailwinds versus the more than 2 points of FX tailwinds that we saw in Q1. We expect our gross profit dollars to grow in the mid-20s. The differential in the revenue versus gross profit growth rates is driven by the continued mix shift between the growth rates of Merchant Solutions and Subscription Solutions, which is expected to narrow compared to 2025 and the continued strength of payments. We expect operating expenses in Q2 to be 35% to 36% of revenue, an improvement from the 37% we delivered in Q1 and a meaningful step forward from the 38% we delivered in Q2 of last year. Turning to free cash flow. For Q2, we expect free cash flow margins in the mid-teens. In summary, Q1 continued the momentum of an outstanding 2025. We delivered the highest quarterly revenue growth rate in over 4 years, both for the business as a whole as well as the U.S. specifically. Strength was broad across merchant sizes, channels and geographies. Gross profit has compounded at 29% annually over the past 3 years, and our commitment to these free cash flow margins remains unwavering. The business is durable, our position is unique and our conviction is that the investments that we are making today in AI infrastructure, in the merchant-facing surfaces being built on top of it and the data advantage that comes from powering a meaningful share of global commerce will further strengthen our position. As entrepreneurship enters a new era shaped by AI, we sit here today with the platform, the scale and the momentum to be at the center of it. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Carrie for your questions. Carrie Gillard: Thanks, Jeff. We will now take your questions before turning the call back to Harley for some final words. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Justin Patterson of KeyBanc. Justin Patterson: Great. It seems like there's a natural flywheel between AI supercharging product velocity and Sidekick effectively driving uptake of new features. How should we think about that flywheel playing out and what it means for KPIs? And then just a quick one for Jeff. How do you balance the benefits of AI versus rising token costs? Harley Finkelstein: Thanks, Justin. Next for the call. It's Harley. I'll start with the first part. Look, I mean, Sidekick is really becoming a merchant's co-founder. It's becoming the new way merchants run their business. This is not a tool that they open occasionally, but this is this active presence that shows up every day. It now with Pulse, it proactively suggest ways to improve their business and then execute it on their behalf. And so numbers in Q1 were not just encouraging, I think are remarkable. Weekly active shops are up 385% using Sidekick. We saw 12,000 custom apps built in Q1, which is up like over 200% quarter-over-quarter. And if you look at Shopify Flow, which is really used for business processes for our largest merchants, nearly half of all Shopify flows generated in Q1 were actually built with Sidekick. So this is a huge compounding advantage. This allows us to not only leverage our 20 years of commerce insight, and this incredible data set we understand about how businesses operate, but also to pair that with the specific needs and the specific use cases of what a merchant requires. So I think how merchants are using it is important. The early signals really matter here. And we're seeing these. Merchants that are just starting to play with it really become power users very, very quickly. So roughly half the conversations are about store setup, design and theme configurations. And then once they gets set up, it's about growing the business faster. So it is something that we knew would be well received by merchants, but I think the efficacy and the efficiency of driving value is something even we are incredibly surprised by. It's amazing. Jeff Hoffmeister: Yes. I mean -- and I'll pick up on that very point in terms of where Harley left it. The impact that we're seeing, not only in terms of how our merchants are using Sidekick, but how we're using it internally has been super impactful. Harley in his comments talked about the exoskeleton, which we give our not only our engineers, but really everyone throughout the organization in terms of how they can do more with AI and it's proven to be very, very impactful. So it's really not even a question of where are we using AI, but where aren't we using AI? Because it's been an extensive usage in pretty much all departments within the company. So we're, of course, mindful of the right tool for the right problem, and we were mindful of the cost and we think through that. But this is something we're seeing significant benefits in terms of how employees are deploying it and how merchants are getting value out of it. Harley Finkelstein: Yes. I think actually, AI right now writes well over 50% of our code today, and that number is going up significantly, not down. But I think more than any other company, AI, Shopify's native language. Carrie Gillard: Thank you for your question, Justin. Our next question comes from Bhavin Shah at Deutsche Bank. Bhavin Shah: Great. Harley, as you think about expanding your product capabilities and how you can better serve merchants, how do you approach building versus partnering more broadly? And how might that differ from more software like solutions versus some that are more fintech-related? Harley Finkelstein: Yes. Look, I mean, Shovel's philosophy around partnership has, I think, been long study, but we partner where we can get massive leverage and where we think there's a company out there that's doing a really great job we can plug into. And when we think there isn't something out there that is 10x better than what we can do ourselves, we just build it. And that's always been the case, particularly when it comes to even the app ecosystem, you're seeing at the same time more merchants using Sidekick to build these custom features for their shop. But at the same time, you're seeing more app developers build for Shopify's ecosystem than ever before. In fact, we've now put the app approval process on rails using incredible AI testing so that we can get more apps into the app store faster. And if you talk to partners and particular app developers that are building for commerce or retail, for the most part, Shopify's and our app stores become their default go-to-market. It is the place where they build for. So that will continue. And just in terms of how we think about generally, these larger-scale partnerships, obviously, there are these amazing new surface areas. We talked -- obviously talk about agentic quite a bit, whereby it should be incredibly clear that Shopify's at the epicenter right now, this AI era. And so we are currently the only platform on the planet powering, selling inside of ChatGPT, Copilot and Google, all from one system of record. So when we see these opportunities to work with other companies, we show up with a catalog, we show up with all the functionality and the right APIs and so that they can move faster too. And I think that's the reason why Shopify has been uniquely positioned as one of the best companies to partner with an all of tech. Carrie Gillard: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dominic Ball at Redburn Atlantic. Dominic Ball: So 2 questions on as AI is lowering the barriers to entrepreneurship, are you seeing acceleration in SMB merchant sign-ups? And second question is with integrations with Claude, ChatGPT, does AI risk pushing Shopify sort of back from a merchant's UX perspective? Harley Finkelstein: Yes. I'll take the second part and then Jeff can talk about the first part of that question. Look, agents do not buy pass Shopify, just the opposite. In fact, they write right into Shopify. I mean, I think you saw in sort of recent headlines that merchant store fronts really matter. You saw ChatGPT move to in-app browsers for their checkouts. So it's literally the Shopify store front within the chat. And again, when a buyer is shopping in ChatGPT, they're browsing Shopify's incredible catalog. So the momentum on agentic has been amazing. We're always trying to find new ways for merchants to have an easier time to build their company -- their businesses better, faster. We have more integrations even announced yesterday, where Shopify now make store building and management as easy as having a conversation where you can sort of effortly connect your existing store right to your favorite chat agentic application and then chat to add products or just inventory across locations. But this idea of combining Shopify's incredible platform and the product the way that we think more entrepreneurs are looking to build, we think, put Shopify and pull position when it comes to the agenetic entrepreneurial evolution. And I think Jeff will talk a bit about ads, but I think there is no -- let me say this actually in the most simple terms, and there is no job that is more AI safe than entrepreneurship. And I think there's also no place that you're going to see more acceleration with AI than maybe entrepreneurship in general. And I think as Shopify is the entrepreneurship company, I think that's going to be great for entrepreneurship in general, that's also be great for Shopify. Jeff Hoffmeister: Yes. I think that's the perfect launch point to your first question, Dominic, just in terms of what we're seeing in merchant additions and kind of whether this is going to accelerate some of the things we're seeing, especially on the SMB side. Harley alluded to it, like we do think there will be tailwinds here. I think from our vantage point, you look this -- and you see this in the growth numbers, right? The growth that we delivered in Q1 was exceptional. One of the things I made it -- one of the points I made in my comments was it essentially evenly split between same-store sales growth and new merchant acquisitions. And so you can see that in terms of what we're doing at the top of the funnel, merchant adds more broadly. It's true across geographies. You see this in some of the data. There was some U.S. census bureau data in terms of the number of startups that you see on a monthly basis. So we're seeing some signs of it. It's early to say, "Hey, AI was the thing that was the specific spur of additional activity in terms of start-ups." But the pipeline looks as healthy isn't as strong as we've ever seen it. Carrie Gillard: Thanks, Dominic. Our next question comes from Nick Jones at BNP. Nicholas Jones: You put out some really great kind of statistics or growth rates for Pulse and Sidekick. As we think about AI investments from here and maybe how it translates to margin expansion. How are the AI investments in terms of kind of creating structural advantages versus maybe keeping up with table stakes that we're hearing across maybe other platforms to make SMB's lives easier, more efficient that makes sense, I guess, kind of what is kind of a structural advantage and what is increasingly maybe table stakes that folks are looking for as businesses deploy AI across their platforms? Harley Finkelstein: I mentioned earlier that I think Shopify is internal, like AI is now Shopify's native language. What I mean by that is that we bet really early and we force its adoption across our company. And I think AI has given this exoskeleton everyone at Shopify, where effectively every single person on the team has this virtual team of agents that creates incredible opportunity for these like rapid experimentation. It allows them to pursue multiple use at the same time then double down on what's winning. And I think I mentioned in previous answer that AI now writes well over 50% of our code and that number is going up. But what that actually means is that our best engineers aren't writing a few lines of code or doing less. It means they're operating at this much higher level. They're directing reviewing and making calls that we're able to provide -- we're able to do because of 20 years of context. So AI handles the execution and they handle the judgment. And I think the output proves that. We shipped over 300 new products and features last year alone. We kept our flat headcount, which we're very proud of. And that's only possible because something has changed fundamentally. I know Tobi has been taking a bit about river, which is a perfect example of it, but it's this AI coding partner built right into Slack for the entire team where they can pull into any threat, any conversation and do, frankly, a remarkable amount of the engineering work. And we built it because we needed it and now it's deeply embedded in how we operate. So I think more than any other company, Shopify is very much leveraging AI in an incredible way. Carrie Gillard: All right. Our next question comes from Michael Martin at MoffettNathanson. Michael Morton: Harley, you've had a lot of success with the enterprise over the last 2 years. I wondered if you could talk a bit about your learnings with your go-to-market strategy, if you see any opportunities for tweaks? Or if you're really happy with the product market fit and it's just more of an execution game. And then quickly one for Jeff. Just on OpEx growth. You've been really tight with headcount management. And any additional color on the destination and duration of the investments you're making in OpEx lines would be really helpful. Harley Finkelstein: Let me start with our enterprise and Jeff could jump into OpEx. I mentioned this on the call, but I'm going to repeat it because I think it's important. The number of merchants doing over $100 million of GMV on Shopify has nearly doubled in the last 2 years. I think we have now -- we're in the right to be in every serious enterprise conversation, and that's the shift. Our go-to-market engine sort of runs 2 tracks in parallel. Obviously, SMB is all about velocity and the enterprise is really more about depth. And we've built this dedicated team and professional services that embeds into that enterprise motion. Product is unequivocally a major driver. When we show up, we show outcomes. We show speed, we show cost, we show conversion, we show simplicity. And I think more and more with these very large brands that are coming on, brands that I mentioned on this call, they're looking for this unified commerce platform. They're looking for basically the last migration they're ever going to have to do. And so when Shopify shows up, with this global scale this unified platform, but also allowing them to sell right away across ChatGPT and Copilot, our differentiation is frankly quite structural. And I think at our scale, that compounds. I think that advantage will grow over time. And we can also move at this incredible pace, which works well. So I think generally, the strategy is working really well. We're focused now on just faster execution. We've also learned that -- I think the enterprise is human executive trust unequivocally moves deals. This is an area I'm personally spending a lot of time in myself. And I think our installed base on the enterprise is a flywheel. I think growth begets more growth. And if you look across every vertical or product category, the fact that we now have and are adding the top merchants and top brands across every vertical, that means that flywheel is speeding up. And there are places where we are improving pricing clarity, making the ROI way more obvious. There are some edge cases that we're already closing the gaps where potentially deals take longer than they should. But the strategy is really, really working in a way that I think you're -- I mean, you're seeing the results now. So now it's about execution and consistency. I think now it's about turning more consideration into more winning when it comes to the enterprise, and that's where I'm spending a great deal of my time and I'm incredibly optimistic about that. Jeff Hoffmeister: Yes. And Michael, to your question on OpEx and where that's going, overall, things remain exactly as we've been talking about in terms of the discipline we're delivering on free cash flow margins. You saw this in the significant growth that we had in That, of course, drops more gross profit dollars down, and that gives us the opportunity to continue to invest like we have been and find the areas where we can continue to drive that top line itself. You referenced headcount. We've obviously been disciplined for 3 years now. We're -- on any given year or in fact, slightly down from the year before. I don't see that changing. We've talked a few times in terms of already on this call in terms of how we're using AI internally and the efficiencies, the acceleration that's giving us, and we expect that to continue. And as we spend, as you can tell from some of the marketing efforts that we've done, marketing, and I mentioned this on the call that sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue is down year-over-year as was G&A as well as R&D. So we can continue to drive those down as percentages, but marketing dollars themselves will be up year-over-year, but we're just getting better and better and better on the marketing spend. And I mentioned on the last call that roughly 40% of our marketing dollars was in Europe in the performance marketing side. We continue to see success in Europe on this piece. One of the things we've actually seen on the marketing spend in Europe because we spent a little bit more the granularity we get has been meaningfully increased. The signal value we get has allowed us to be much more effective in Europe than even though we've been historically on the marketing spend. And we've increased the percentage of marketing spend which is performance. So the pieces which were not core, hardcore performance marketing we've reduced. So we're really in a spot where I think we can do some really interesting things on OpEx. The only difference, and I talked about this a little bit on the last call, the only difference really between last year and this year is going to be a little bit on the taxes in terms of what we're seeing on the effective tax rate. But we're at a spot now where that should level off. So from our vantage point, we feel really good about driving the gross profit dollars growth, which allows us to do everything we need to and obviously have the dollars left to do the share repurchase among other things. Carrie Gillard: Our next question comes from Rob Wildhack at Autonomous. Robert Wildhack: Harley, I wanted to ask about the demand creation principle you highlighted in the prepared remarks. We hear you loud and clear on the products and tools that Shopify offers merchants to create demand. I was wondering if you could compare that to what a non-Shopify merchant can do or is doing to get themselves discovered by LOMs. Like what are the table stakes there? What are some of the savvier non-Shopify merchants do? Because I think that would be really interesting context for the Shopify agentic toolkit. Harley Finkelstein: Yes. I mean, as I mentioned, on sort of demand creation, I think we're making a lot of progress on the sort of customer acquisition piece. I think there's now -- started with one way, now there's multiple ways for buyers to discover our merchants, job campaigns. Shop app and obviously some of the agentic discovery. But in terms of some of the stuff we're doing with the agentic plan, for example, again, that rolled out early March. That mean that any brand and any platform can now sell across AI channels via Shopify catalog and no Shopify stores acquired. It's remarkable. Everyone -- pretty much every merchant, every brand retailer in their Board meetings are talking about how they get it discovered. And so what we're seeing now is that ultimately, it is -- obviously, we have a way to help them with that. And I think we've now made it clear that Shopify is sort of at the center of this. Again, I mentioned earlier, but I'll say it again, we're the only platform powering selling inside of ChatGPT instead of Copilot and inside of Google all from one system. And what we're seeing already in terms of the proof points is that orders from AI searches are up nearly 13x. AI-driven traffic to Shopify stores has grown 8x year-over-year. And new buyer orders from AI searches are actually occurring at nearly twice the rate of traditional organic search. The big thing though with catalog is that I think a lot of non-Shopify merchants are seeing that catalog is actually doing a much better job of organizing and syndicating their products across every agentic surface versus sort of the old scraping thing that was happening prior to catalog. So it's doing 2 things. One, it is unequivocally getting Shopify connected with a lot more non-Shopify merchants per se beginning those conversations, which, again, may lead to them joining the agentic plan or ultimately may lead them to come into Shopify for their entire migration, which obviously is our plan and our hope. But even if they just want to be part of catalog and just be part of the agentic plan on its own, that already is a massive lift to them relative to everything else. I mean Shopify catalog is now the authoritative source for product discovery. There's now 1 billion products across millions of merchants. The data is structured, the pricing gets accurate. There's real-time inventory, clean attributes, and OpenAI and Microsoft are already using the catalog to power discovery. But so I think generally, this plan, this agentic idea, agentic plan idea is working really well for us. And I think the retail industry has certainly taken notice. Carrie Gillard: Our next question comes from Samad Samana at Jefferies. Samad Samana: So I wanted to pull on the agentic commerce thread. I think Stripe sessions was last week, and they're obviously a very close and successful partner of Shopify's. And they are all that several kind of new updates that allow whether that's agents to buy directly with the product catalog that someone's using and/or native checkout inside of Facebook by partner with Meta. I'm just curious as you see the surface area of commerce expanding. Can you just help us understand that if a Shopify merchant has these alternative channels where they're checking out, how the monetization still works and if the economics change? Because, obviously, you guys sit at the center of all this and are partnering with everybody, but I think investors are just trying to understand how monetization economics look as the surface area expands. Harley Finkelstein: Let me start on your first question. So I feel like I need to say this very clearly, but Stripe and Shopify are really incredible, long-standing partners that -- and I think we've been building the future of commerce together. We've partnered with them now for over a decade across payments and financial products. And I think what you're seeing is both companies are very serious infrastructure companies that are working together. The key to the -- I think the key to this is the partnership is actually deepening. Stripe recently joined our UCP Tech Council alongside Amazon, Meta, Microsoft and Salesforce, we were the founding member. And just to kind of be clear about this, UCP is now becoming the industry standard. And Shopify built it. It is the only standard that covers the full commerce journey end-to-end. And UCP, whether -- does all the work from discovery to transaction to fulfillment. We now have about 20 retailers and platforms that are part of the UCP. Stripe has now joined the UCP Governing Council, with us in Google, which is the overarching governance body for the protocol. But this is what it looks like when an open standard wins. Now in terms of agentic generally and just to kind of be very clear about kind of checkout and how that operates, I think it's really important. So I said this earlier, I'll say it again. As you saw recently, merchant store fronts really matter. So you -- when you saw ChatGPT move to an in-app browser in their checkout that is literally the Shopify storefront right within the chat here. And so it functions exact same way from an economic perspective as it would if any consumer is buying on a Shopify store. It's just a new surface area. Back to my point earlier that I'll repeat because think it's important is that every merchant, obviously, wants to have recurring customers. They pay for the customer, they want to see more of that. But the idea that now some of these agentic services now introducing new consumers, like net new consumers to Shopify merchants through services, we think, is an incredible thing as it allows our merchants to expand their total addressable market and, therefore, Shopify's as well. So generally, it's going really well, but we're really, really happy with where we lined with UCP. The relationship with Stripe is fantastic. We presented at Stripe session as well to your point here. But we compete where 2 serious companies naturally wood, but we also partner where our merchants need us to. And every time a new frontier opens, whether it's stable coins, or agentic commerce or financial products, we really do build alongside each other, and that's been true for over a decade. Carrie Gillard: ; Our next question comes from Colin Sebastian at Baird. Colin Sebastian: I guess, Harley, I mean, at a high level, I mean just the rapid market share gains we're seeing here on a same-store GMV basis. I know there's a lot of focus on ultimately what the impact will be from agentic commerce. But I mean you're assuming -- we're assuming e-commerce growth accelerates, do you envision Shopify taking even more share or share at a faster rate going forward? And then a quick follow-up. I'm curious on how you're thinking about the role of the App Store, especially with all the activity in Sidekick. Is there as much utility from the external app store? Is there an opportunity maybe to allow merchants to extend what they're building out to the broader community? Harley Finkelstein: Actually, it's a great question. Merchants that have built, specifically some of the larger merchants, the midsize and enterprise merchants that have built custom apps on Shopify. We've actually seen them at some point, decide to shift from just being a merchant and -- a merchant and as an app developer, some of them have actually discovered this incredible tooling. They're building for their own business and then put in the App Store as well. But in terms of what Sidekick is doing, like Sidekick actually, we see as a real supplement to the App Store, not a replacement. In fact, if you're -- you probably have noticed that we're spending a lot more time without app billers than ever before. hosted a town hall a couple of weeks ago with thousands of our biggest app developers. We have additions dot dev happening in Toronto this summer, which is in person with our app developer community, which has already sold out. actually, we think there's never been a better time to build on Shopify App Store. The applications that are being built by Sidekick are really very specific nuanced feature sets for particular merchant businesses. And so for most of them, it really is just for the individual merchant. We see them we see those -- the opportunity for the app developers just to continue. That being said, though, what is happening that is super interesting is that now merchants who may have had to spend weeks or even months building a feature either internally or hiring an agency to do so. They're able to do so much more work themselves using Sidekick and that means they're able to go much faster. So the first part of your question sort of around e-commerce in general. Remember that e-commerce in the U.S. is still sub-20% of total retail. And what we're seeing is a part of the reason why the stat around this kind of proof point new buyer orders from AI searches are occurring at nearly twice the rate of traditional organic search. The reason that is so important is because what we're seeing is that merchants are now discovering new buyers on these genetic services that they may not otherwise have seen. So we do think it's going to pull more consumers into e-com who may have been laggards. We also see that it may introduce new on e-com native shoppers to start doing so on a more regular basis. Net-net, though, we think that's going to mean more GMV for merchants. And certainly, our business model is predicated on the more money our merchants make, the better Shopify does. Jeff Hoffmeister: Yes. And Colin, the only other point I'd add is just think about, again, the quarter we just posted in terms of what that means to the momentum of this business. Like the strongest growth rate we've had in the U.S. in 4 years, the strongest growth rate we've had in our business overall in 40 years. we're believers in what's happening here. Carrie Gillard: And our last question will come from Richard Tse at National Bank. Richard Tse: Yes. Thank you. There were some recent reports that you guys are considering moving deeper into financial services. Like I'm wondering if you can maybe comment on that and then potentially how that would impact some of your existing partnerships. Jeff Hoffmeister: Yes. I mean I would say, as you know, Richard, we've had -- if you think about financial services, the first product we really had was capital, and that product is roughly 10 years old. That's something that we've had for a while has worked really well. there's other suites of products that we provide in kind of financial services more broadly. This is 1 of the areas where we have seen merchants, and this is one of the things which is classic core Shopify, which has helped merchants and situations, which they either face complexity or they face opportunities where we can help them do that. And that's one of the things we found in our capital business where we've been really thoughtful in terms of how we do lending and to help them accelerate their business. So as that capital business has continued to grow, some of the things you've had on balance and credit have continued to grow. And so that's something that we want to support. And that's one of Harley and I have been just as we've talked about the growth levers of this business and all the things are going to provide durable growth over the years. This is one of the things that we've talked about. There has been -- to your point, there's been some stories out there in terms of some of the money transfer licenses and some of the flexibility that would give us to help us accelerate the growth for merchants, and that's one of the things we're going to continue to do. We're going to go to where we think we can add the most value to merchants, and this is 1 of those segments. Harley Finkelstein: You look at capital, I mean, capital continues to expand more markets, smarter offers, better pricing, look at balance, balance is now deepening its utility for merchants and their data operations. I think financial services is just becoming more embedded in a more valuable part of the Shopify platform. And it's not a [indiscernible] product, it's embedded in the platform that merchants already trust, and it's -- We think there's a lot more to do there. Maybe before we just hang up here, a couple of sort of final things before we close the call that I think might be helpful. I just want to start with this. I just want to say how proud I am of this team and the current execution that we're into this company. I'm coming up to over 16 years at Shopify, and I think this is Shopify operating at its best. It's important to remind everyone that the numbers that we're putting up this quarter, they are not an accident. They are the result of a very, very clear strategy that is being executed exceptionally well. We're almost halfway through 2026. And I think AI is certainly Shopify's native language. We bet early on it and we force this adoption. And now it is as reflexive inside our company as any company, it's embedded in everything we do and the products we build and the channels we power, the way every single person on the team operates. And I think it's become this incredible exoskeleton for this company. Finally, I'm going to say this again because it's important. The AI era is not coming, it is absolutely here. And we think there's simply no job that will be more accelerated by AI than entrepreneurship. In fact, it may be the most AI safe job out there, which -- and what that means going forward is that there will be more entrepreneurs, and we think that means there's going to be way more demand for the Shopify platform. We think tomorrow's billion brands are being born today. They're being board on Shopify and just incredibly proud of the team. This is Shopify at its best. Carrie Gillard: With that, this concludes our first quarter 2026 conference call. Thank you for joining us. Goodbye. Read Next Aug 12, 2026 • By Matt Frankel, CFP® Best Stocks to Buy Now: Our Buy-and-Hold Picks for August 2026 Aug 12, 2026 • By Motley Fool Transcribing Shopify (SHOP) Q2 2026 Earnings Call Transcript Aug 11, 2026 • By Jeremy Bowman Top 8 Artificial Intelligence Start-Ups to Watch in 2026 Aug 10, 2026 • By Adam Levy Best Growth Stocks to Buy in 2026 Aug 9, 2026 • By Joe Tenebruso Why Shopify Stock Soared This Week Aug 9, 2026 • By Geoffrey Seiler Why Shopify Stock Could Be the Biggest Winner in Agentic AI Commerce This article is a transcript of this conference call produced for The Motley Fool. While we strive for our Foolish Best, there may be errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in this transcript. Parts of this article were created using Large Language Models (LLMs) based on The Motley Fool's insights and investing approach. It has been reviewed by our AI quality control systems. Since LLMs cannot (currently) own stocks, it has no positions in any of the stocks mentioned. As with all our articles, The Motley Fool does not assume any responsibility for your use of this content, and we strongly encourage you to do your own research, including listening to the call yourself and reading the company's SEC filings. Please see our Terms and Conditions for additional details, including our Obligatory Capitalized Disclaimers of Liability. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Shopify. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . Stocks Mentioned Shopify NASDAQ : SHOP $152.79 ( +1.58% ) +$2.38 Motley Fool Stock Advisor ’ s Latest Pick Get Access ---% Avg Return *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Premium Investing Services Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. View Premium Services Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest YouTube Instagram TikTok © The Motley Fool . All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io . About The Motley Fool About Us Careers Research Newsroom Contact Advertise Our Services All Services Stock Advisor Epic Epic Plus Fool Portfolios Fool One Motley Fool Money Around the Globe Fool Australia Fool Canada Free Tools CAPS Stock Ratings Discussion Boards Calculators Financial Dictionary Affiliates & Friends Motley Fool Asset Management Motley Fool Wealth Management Motley Fool Ventures Fool Community Foundation Become an Affiliate Partner Terms of Use Privacy Policy Disclosure Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions Do Not Sell My Personal Information Arrow-Thin-Down S&P 500 7,785.15 +0.5% +36.65 Arrow-Thin-Down DJI 53,714.45 -0.1% -55.82 Arrow-Thin-Down NASDAQ 26,751.78 +0.6% +163.29 Arrow-Thin-Down Bitcoin $63,498.00 +0.1% +$40.02 Arrow-Thin-Down SPCX $140.94 -3.6% -$5.21 Arrow-Thin-Down AAPL $303.68 +0.5% +$1.43 Arrow-Thin-Down AMZN $265.11 -0.8% -$2.18 Arrow-Thin-Down GOOG $344.30 +0.6% +$1.93 Arrow-Thin-Down META $586.80 +1.4% +$7.95 Arrow-Thin-Down MSFT $494.58 +0.4% +$2.15 Arrow-Thin-Down NVDA $225.31 +0.5% +$1.22 Arrow-Thin-Down TSLA $334.57 +2.2% +$7.06 arrow-left arrow-right Most Active Stocks Daily Stock Gainers Daily Stock Losers Earnings Call Transcript Shopify (SHOP) Q1 2026 Earnings Transcript By Motley Fool Transcribing – May 5, 2026 at 12:10PM EST + Fool.com on Share Summarize with AI