=== PRESS RELEASE ===

news release Chevron Reports First Quarter 2026 Results • Reported earnings of $2.2 billion; adjusted earnings of $2.8 billion • Returned $6.0 billion cash to shareholders; 16th consecutive quarter over $5 billion • Worldwide and U.S. production increased by 15 and 24 percent, respectively HOUSTON, May 1, 2026 – Chevron Corporation (NYSE: CVX) reported earnings of $2.2 billion ($1.11 per share - diluted) for first quarter 2026, compared with $3.5 billion ($2.00 per share diluted) in first quarter 2025. Included in the quarter was a net loss of $360 million related to a legal reserve. Foreign currency effects decreased earnings by $223 million. Adjusted earnings of $2.8 billion ($1.41 per share - diluted) in first quarter 2026 compared to adjusted earnings of $3.8 billion ($2.18 per share - diluted) in first quarter 2025. See Attachment 4 for a reconciliation of adjusted earnings. Earnings & Cash Flow Summary Unit 1Q 2026 4Q 2025 1Q 2025 Total Earnings / (Loss) $ MM $ 2,210 $ 2,770 $ 3,500 Upstream $ MM $ 3,909 $ 3,035 $ 3,758 Downstream $ MM $ (817) $ 823 $ 325 All Other $ MM $ (882) $ (1,088) $ (583) Earnings Per Share - Diluted $/Share $ 1.11 $ 1.39 $ 2.00 Adjusted Earnings (1) $ MM $ 2,793 $ 3,028 $ 3,813 Adjusted Earnings Per Share - Diluted (1) $/Share $ 1.41 $ 1.52 $ 2.18 Cash Flow From Operations (CFFO) $ B $ 2.5 $ 10.8 $ 5.2 CFFO Excluding Working Capital (1) $ B $ 7.1 $ 9.1 $ 7.6 Avg. Brent Spot Price (Source: Platts) $/BBL $ 81 $ 64 $ 76 (1) See non-GAAP measure definitions on page 6 and reconciliations in the attachments “Despite heightened geopolitical volatility and related supply disruptions, Chevron delivered solid first quarter performance, underscoring the resilience of our portfolio and the value of disciplined execution,” said Mike Wirth, Chevron’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. “Strong operating results in the United States, particularly following the integration of Hess, and continued growth in the Gulf of America and Permian Basin, drove higher production while maintaining financial flexibility.” “Our U.S. refineries operated at record crude throughput in March, capital spending remains within guidance, and our structural cost reductions are firmly on track,” Wirth continued. “This disciplined performance supports dependable cash generation, enabling us to continue returning significant capital to shareholders, while investing in advantaged long-lived assets.” \

“We continue to closely monitor developments in the Middle East with a focus on the safety of our workforce and the integrity of our assets and operations,” Wirth concluded. “The unpredictable external environment reinforces the importance of disciplined investment to ensure reliable energy supply and global energy security.” Financial and Business Highlights Unit 1Q 2026 4Q 2025 1Q 2025 Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) % 4.5 % 5.4 % 8.3 % Capital Expenditures (Capex) $ B $ 4.1 $ 5.3 $ 3.9 Affiliate Capex $ B $ 0.3 $ 0.4 $ 0.5 Free Cash Flow (FCF) (1) $ B $ (1.5) $ 5.5 $ 1.3 Adjusted Free Cash Flow (1) $ B $ 4.1 $ 4.2 $ 4.2 Debt-to-CFFO Ratio 1.5x 1.2x 1.0x Net debt-to-CFFO (1) Ratio 1.3x 1.0x 0.8x Net Oil-Equivalent Production MBOED 3,858 4,045 3,353 (1) See non-GAAP measure definitions on page 6 and reconciliations in the attachments Financial Highlights • Reported earnings decreased compared to first quarter 2025 primarily due to unfavorable timing effects of approximately $2.9 billion. These effects include timing mismatches in earnings recognition related to the mark- to-market of financial derivatives prior to the physical delivery of the associated hydrocarbons, as well as the impact of LIFO inventory accounting. Excluding those unfavorable effects, earnings improved due to upstream production growth and higher refining margins. • Production in the first quarter of 2026 was higher than first quarter last year largely due to the acquisition of Hess Corporation (Hess) and growth in the Gulf of America and the Permian Basin, partly offset by downtime at the company’s 50 percent owned affiliate Tengizchevroil (TCO) and curtailments in the Middle East (Israel and the Partitioned Zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait). U.S. production exceeded 2 million oil-equivalent barrels per day for the third consecutive quarter. • U.S. refinery crude unit throughput remains over 1 million barrels per day for the fifth consecutive quarter and achieved a record in March 2026. • Capex in the first quarter of 2026 was higher than last year largely due to spend on legacy Hess assets, partially offset by lower spend in the Permian Basin. • Cash flow from operations in the first quarter of 2026 was lower than a year ago primarily due to higher working capital outflows largely resulting from the sharp increase in commodity prices in March 2026. Adjusted free cash flow benefited from a $1 billion loan repayment from TCO. • The company returned $6.0 billion of cash to shareholders during the quarter, including share repurchases of $2.5 billion and dividends of $3.5 billion. • The company’s Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of one dollar and seventyeight cents ($1.78) per share, payable June 10, 2026, to all holders of common stock as shown on the transfer records of the corporation at the close of business on May 19, 2026. Business Highlights and Milestones • Announced an agreement in Venezuela to expand Chevron’s heavy oil interest in the Petroindependencia, S.A. joint venture and include rights to develop the adjacent Ayacucho 8 area at the Petropiar, S.A. joint venture in the Orinoco Oil Belt. -2-

• Entered into an exclusivity agreement with Microsoft and Engine No. 1 related to a proposed power generation and electricity offtake agreement to support the power project under development in West Texas. • Expansions at Tamar and Leviathan in Israel have achieved start-up, adding production capacity to support growing demand and regional energy security. • Reached a final investment decision on the Aseng gas project in Equatorial Guinea, advancing the country's efforts to expand its role in global gas markets. • Discovered oil at the Bandit prospect in Green Canyon Block 680 in the Gulf of America, through a non-operated joint venture. • Entered Libya as a winning bidder in the Sirte Basin, expanding the company’s exploration portfolio with high-quality acreage and high-impact prospects. • Awarded four offshore exploration leases in Greece, further expanding the company's position in the Eastern Mediterranean region. • Farmed into the OFF-7 block in Uruguay, building depth in the exploration portfolio. Segment Highlights Upstream U.S. Upstream Unit 1Q 2026 4Q 2025 1Q 2025 Earnings / (Loss) $ MM $ 2,112 $ 1,258 $ 1,858 Net Oil-Equivalent Production MBOED 2,024 2,055 1,636 Liquids Production MBD 1,461 1,488 1,159 Natural Gas Production MMCFD 3,380 3,402 2,859 Liquids Realization $/BBL $ 51.94 $ 42.99 $ 55.26 Natural Gas Realization $/MCF $ 2.48 $ 2.21 $ 2.50 • U.S. upstream earnings were higher primarily due to increased sales volumes partly offset by higher depreciation, depletion and amortization, higher operating expenses, and lower liquids realizations. • Net oil-equivalent production during the quarter was up 388,000 barrels per day from the year-ago period primarily due to the acquisition of Hess and higher production in the Gulf o f A m e r i c a f o l l o w i n g p r o j e c t s t a r t - u p s , a n d g r o w t h i n t h e P e r m i a n B a s i n . International Upstream Unit 1Q 2026 4Q 2025 1Q 2025 Earnings / (Loss) (1) $ MM $ 1,797 $ 1,777 $ 1,900 Net Oil-Equivalent Production MBOED 1,834 1,990 1,717 Liquids Production MBD 974 1,071 822 Natural Gas Production MMCFD 5,161 5,514 5,371 Liquids Realization $/BBL $ 77.50 $ 57.53 $ 67.69 Natural Gas Realization $/MCF $ 6.99 $ 6.97 $ 7.12 (1) Includes foreign currency effects $ MM $ (233) $ (125) $ (136) • International upstream earnings were lower than a year ago primarily due to unfavorable timing effects, higher depreciation, depletion and amortization, and unfavorable foreign currency effects that were partly offset by higher sales volumes. -3-

• Net oil-equivalent production during the quarter was up 117,000 barrels per day from the year-ago period primarily due to the acquisition of Hess, partly offset by lower production at TCO. Downstream U.S. Downstream Unit 1Q 2026 4Q 2025 1Q 2025 Earnings / (Loss) $ MM $ 196 $ 230 $ 103 Refinery Crude Unit Inputs MBD 1,054 1,020 1,018 Refined Product Sales MBD 1,265 1,293 1,293 • U.S. downstream earnings were higher than the year-ago period primarily due to higher margins on refined product sales partly offset by a higher litigation reserve. • Refinery crude unit inputs increased 4 percent from the year-ago period primarily due to the continued ramp-up of the Light Tight Oil project at the Pasadena, Texas refinery. • Refined product sales decreased 2 percent compared to the year-ago period. International Downstream Unit 1Q 2026 4Q 2025 1Q 2025 Earnings / (Loss) (1) $ MM $ (1,013) $ 593 $ 222 Refinery Crude Unit Inputs MBD 616 665 618 Refined Product Sales MBD 1,493 1,546 1,398 (1) Includes foreign currency effects $ MM $ 8 $ 9 $ 3 • International downstream earnings were lower than the year-ago period primarily due to lower margins on refined product sales, including unfavorable timing effects and higher operating expenses mainly from higher transportation costs. • Refinery crude unit inputs were flat relative to the year-ago period. • Refined product sales increased 7 percent from the year-ago period due to higher demand for gasoline. All Other All Other Unit 1Q 2026 4Q 2025 1Q 2025 Net charges (1) $ MM $ (882) $ (1,088) $ (583) (1) Includes foreign currency effects $ MM $ 2 $ (14) $ (5) • All Other consists of worldwide cash management and debt financing activities, corporate administrative functions, insurance operations, real estate activities, and technology companies. • Net charges increased compared to a year ago primarily due to the absence of prioryear favorable fair value adjustment on Hess shares and higher interest expense. Chevron is one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies. We believe affordable, reliable and ever-cleaner energy is essential to enabling human progress. Chevron produces crude oil and natural gas; manufactures transportation fuels, lubricants, petrochemicals and additives; and develops technologies that enhance our business and the industry. We aim to grow our oil and gas business, lower the carbon intensity of operations, and grow new energies businesses. More information about Chevron is available at www.chevron.com. # # # Contact: James Craig -- +1 925-842-1319 -4-

NOTICE Chevron’s discussion of first quarter 2026 earnings with security analysts will take place on Friday, May 1, 2026 , at 10:00 a.m. CT. A webcast of the meeting will be available in a listen-only mode to individual investors, media, and other interested parties on Chevron’s website at www.chevron.com under the “Investors” section. Prepared remarks for today’s call, additional financial and operating information and other complementary materials will be available prior to the call at approximately 5:30 a.m. CT and located under “Events and Presentations” in the “Investors” section on the Chevron website. Chevron also publishes a “Sensitivities and Forward Guidance” document with consolidated guidance and sensitivities that is updated quarterly and posted to the Chevron website the month prior to earnings calls. As used in this news release, the term “Chevron” and such terms as “the company,” “the corporation,” “our,” “we,” “us” and “its” may refer to Chevron Corporation, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or to all of them taken as a whole. All of these terms are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise description of any of the separate companies, each of which manages its own affairs. Structural cost reductions describe decreases in operating expenses from operational efficiencies, divestments, and other cost saving measures that are expected to be sustainable compared with 2024 levels. Please visit Chevron’s website and Investor Relations page at www.chevron.com and www.chevron.com/ investors, LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/chevron, X: @Chevron, Facebook: www.facebook.com/ chevron, and Instagram: www.instagram.com/chevron, where Chevron often discloses important information about the company, its business, and its results of operations. Non-GAAP Financial Measures - This news release includes adjusted earnings/(loss), which reflect earnings or losses excluding significant non-operational items including impairment charges, write-offs, decommissioning obligations from previously sold assets, severance costs, gains on asset sales, legal reserves for ceased operations, fair value adjustments for investments in equity securities, unusual tax items, effects of pension settlements and curtailments, foreign currency effects and other special items. We believe it is useful for investors to consider this measure in comparing the underlying performance of our business across periods. The presentation of this additional information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for net income (loss) as prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. A reconciliation to net income (loss) attributable to Chevron Corporation is shown in Attachment 4. This news release also includes cash flow from operations excluding working capital, free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow. Cash flow from operations excluding working capital is defined as net cash provided by operating activities less net changes in operating working capital, and represents cash generated by operating activities excluding the timing impacts of working capital. Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures and generally represents the cash available to creditors and investors after investing in the business. Adjusted free cash flow is defined as free cash flow excluding working capital plus proceeds and deposits related to asset sales and returns of investments plus net repayment (borrowing) of loans by equity affiliates and generally represents the cash available to creditors and investors after investing in the business excluding the timing impacts of working capital. The company believes these measures are useful to monitor the financial health of the company and its performance over time. Reconciliations of cash flow from operations excluding working capital, free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow are shown in Attachment 3. This news release also includes net debt ratio and net debt-to-CFFO ratio. Net debt ratio is defined as total debt less cash and cash equivalents, time deposits and marketable securities (net debt) as a percentage of net debt plus Chevron Corporation stockholders’ equity, which indicates the company’s leverage, net of its cash balances. The net debt-to-CFFO ratio is defined as net debt divided by CFFO for the prior four quarters, which measures the company’s ability to cover its net debt using the cash it generates from operations. The company believes these measures are useful to monitor the strength of the company’s balance sheet. A reconciliation of net debt ratio and net debt-to-CFFO ratio is shown in Attachment 2. -5-

CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS RELEVANT TO FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF “SAFE HARBOR” PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 This news release contains forward-looking statements relating to Chevron’s operations, assets, and strategy that are based on management’s current expectations, estimates and projections about the petroleum, chemicals and other energy-related industries. Words or phrases such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “targets,” “advances,” “commits,” “drives,” “aims,” “forecasts,” “projects,” “believes,” “approaches,” “seeks,” “schedules,” “estimates,” “positions,” “pursues,” “progress,” “design,” “enable,” “may,” “can,” “could,” “should,” “will,” “budgets,” “outlook,” “trends,” “guidance,” “focus,” “on track,” “trajectory,” “goals,” “objectives,” “strategies,” “opportunities,” “poised,” “potential,” “ambitions,” “future,” “aspires” and similar expressions, and variations or negatives of these words, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, but not all forward-looking statements include such words. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond the company’s control and are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. The reader should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this news release. Unless legally required, Chevron undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are: changing crude oil and natural gas prices and demand for the company’s products, and production curtailments due to market conditions; crude oil production quotas or other actions that might be imposed by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and other producing countries; technological advancements; changes to government policies in the countries in which the company operates; public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, and any related government policies and actions; disruptions in the company’s global supply chain, including supply chain constraints and escalation of the cost of goods and services; changing economic, regulatory and political environments in the various countries in which the company operates, including Venezuela; general domestic and international economic, market and political conditions, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the ongoing conflict in the Middle East and the global response to these hostilities; changing refining, marketing and chemicals margins; the amount and timing of settlements on the company’s commodity derivative contracts; the company’s ability to realize anticipated cost savings and efficiencies associated with enterprise structural cost reduction initiatives; actions of competitors or regulators; timing of exploration expenses; changes in projected future cash flows; timing of crude oil liftings; uncertainties about the estimated quantities of crude oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas reserves; the competitiveness of alternate-energy sources or product substitutes; pace and scale of the development of large carbon capture and storage and offset markets; the results of operations and financial condition of the company’s suppliers, vendors, partners and equity affiliates; the inability or failure of the company’s joint-venture partners to fund their share of operations and development activities; the potential failure to achieve expected net production from existing and future crude oil and natural gas development projects; potential delays in the development, construction or start-up of planned projects; the potential disruption or interruption of the company’s operations due to war, accidents, political events, civil unrest, severe weather, cyber threats, terrorist acts, or other natural or human causes beyond the company’s control; the potential liability for remedial actions or assessments under existing or future environmental regulations and litigation; significant operational, investment or product changes undertaken or required by existing or future environmental statutes and regulations, including international agreements and national or regional legislation and regulatory measures related to greenhouse gas emissions and climate change; the potential liability resulting from pending or future litigation; the company’s ability to achieve the anticipated benefits from the acquisition of Hess Corporation; the company’s future acquisitions or dispositions of assets or shares or the delay or failure of such transactions to close based on required closing conditions; the potential for gains and losses from asset dispositions or impairments; government mandated sales, divestitures, recapitalizations, taxes and tax audits, tariffs, sanctions, changes in fiscal terms or restrictions on scope of company operations; foreign currency movements compared with the U.S. dollar; higher inflation and related impacts; material reductions in corporate liquidity and access to debt markets; changes to the company’s capital allocation strategies; the effects of changed accounting rules under generally accepted accounting principles promulgated by rule-setting bodies; the company’s ability to identify and mitigate the risks and hazards inherent in operating in the global energy industry; and the factors set forth under the heading “Risk Factors” on pages 21 through 27 of the company’s 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and as updated in the future. Other unpredictable or unknown factors not discussed in this news release could also have material adverse effects on forward-looking statements. -6-

CHEVRON CORPORATION - FINANCIAL REVIEW Attachment 1 (Millions of Dollars, Except Per-Share Amounts) (unaudited) CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME Three Months Ended March 31, REVENUES AND OTHER INCOME 2026 2025 Sales and other operating revenues $ 47,556 $ 46,101 Income (loss) from equity affiliates 745 820 Other income (loss) 306 689 Total Revenues and Other Income 48,607 47,610 COSTS AND OTHER DEDUCTIONS Purchased crude oil and products 28,265 28,610 Operating expenses (1) 8,724 7,640 Exploration expenses 205 187 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 5,808 4,123 Taxes other than on income 1,314 1,255 Interest and debt expense 345 212 Total Costs and Other Deductions 44,661 42,027 Income (Loss) Before Income Tax Expense 3,946 5,583 Income tax expense (benefit) 1,653 2,071 Net Income (Loss) 2,293 3,512 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 83 12 NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO CHEVRON CORPORATION $ 2,210 $ 3,500 (1) Includes operating expense, selling, general and administrative expense, and other components of net periodic benefit costs. PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Chevron Corporation - Basic $ 1.12 $ 2.01 - Diluted $ 1.11 $ 2.00 Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding (000's) - Basic 1,980,146 1,744,628 - Diluted 1,985,900 1,751,441 Note: Shares outstanding (excluding 14 million associated with Chevron’s Benefit Plan Trust) were 1,977 million and 1,980 million at March 31, 2026, and December 31, 2025, respectively. EARNINGS BY MAJOR OPERATING AREA Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 2025 Upstream United States $ 2,112 $ 1,858 International 1,797 1,900 Total Upstream 3,909 3,758 Downstream United States 196 103 International (1,013) 222 Total Downstream (817) 325 All Other (882) (583) NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO CHEVRON CORPORATION $ 2,210 $ 3,500 -7-

CHEVRON CORPORATION - FINANCIAL REVIEW Attachment 2 (unaudited) SELECTED BALANCE SHEET ACCOUNT DATA (Preliminary) March 31, December 31, Cash and cash equivalents $ 5,323 $ 6,293 Time deposits $ 4 $ 4 Total assets $ 329,551 $ 324,012 Total debt $ 45,428 $ 40,758 Total Chevron Corporation stockholders’ equity $ 183,715 $ 186,450 Noncontrolling interests $ 5,656 $ 5,726 SELECTED FINANCIAL RATIOS Total debt plus total stockholders’ equity $ 229,143 $ 227,208 Debt ratio (Total debt / Total debt plus stockholders’ equity) 19.8 % 17.9 % Net debt (Total debt less cash and cash equivalents, time deposits and marketable securities) $ 40,101 $ 34,461 Net debt plus total stockholders’ equity $ 223,816 $ 220,911 Net debt ratio (Net debt / Net debt plus total stockholders’ equity) 17.9 % 15.6 % Cash flow from operations (CFFO) (1) $ 31,264 $ 33,939 Debt-to-CFFO ratio (1) 1.5x 1.2x Net debt-to-CFFO ratio (1) 1.3x 1.0x (1) CFFO is presented on a trailing 12 months basis. RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED (ROCE) Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 2025 Total reported earnings $ 2,210 $ 3,500 Noncontrolling interest 83 12 Interest expense (A/T) 310 192 ROCE earnings 2,603 3,704 Annualized ROCE earnings 10,412 14,816 Average capital employed (1) 233,867 178,730 ROCE 4.5 % 8.3 % (1) Capital employed is the sum of Chevron Corporation stockholders’ equity, total debt and noncontrolling interest. Average capital employed is computed by averaging the sum of capital employed at the beginning and the end of the period.

Three Months Ended March 31, CAPEX BY SEGMENT 2026 2025 United States Upstream $ 2,190 $ 2,545 Downstream 91 155 Other 53 63 Total United States 2,334 2,763 International Upstream 1,675 1,123 Downstream 47 27 Other 7 14 Total International 1,729 1,164 CAPEX $ 4,063 $ 3,927 AFFILIATE CAPEX (not included above) Upstream $ 110 $ 206 Downstream 176 282 AFFILIATE CAPEX $ 286 $ 488 -8-

CHEVRON CORPORATION - FINANCIAL REVIEW Attachment 3 (unaudited) SUMMARIZED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Preliminary) Three Months Ended March 31, OPERATING ACTIVITIES 2026 2025 Net Income (Loss) $ 2,293 $ 3,512 Adjustments Depreciation, depletion and amortization 5,808 4,123 Distributions more (less) than income from equity affiliates (400) 268 Loss (gain) on asset retirements and sales (7) (19) Net foreign currency effects 157 130 Deferred income tax provision (264) 480 Net decrease (increase) in operating working capital (4,625) (2,408) Other operating activity (448) (897) Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities (CFFO) $ 2,514 $ 5,189 INVESTING ACTIVITIES Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired — — Acquisition of Hess Corporation common stock — (2,225) Capital expenditures (Capex) (4,063) (3,927) Proceeds and deposits related to asset sales and returns of investment 72 600 Net repayment (borrowing) of loans by equity affiliates 979 (66) Net Cash Provided by (Used for) Investing Activities $ (3,012) $ (5,618) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net change in debt 4,642 5,030 Cash dividends — common stock (3,526) (2,984) Shares issued for share-based compensation 1,160 218 Shares repurchased (2,572) (3,917) Distributions to noncontrolling interests (152) (11) Net Cash Provided by (Used for) Financing Activities $ (448) $ (1,664) EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH (23) (3) NET CHANGE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH $ (969) $ (2,096) RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP MEASURES Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities $ 2,514 $ 5,189 Less: Net decrease (increase) in operating working capital (4,625) (2,408) Cash Flow from Operations Excluding Working Capital $ 7,139 $ 7,597 Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities $ 2,514 $ 5,189 Less: Capital expenditures 4,063 3,927 Free Cash Flow $ (1,549) $ 1,262 Less: Net decrease (increase) in operating working capital (4,625) (2,408) Plus: Proceeds and deposits related to asset sales and returns of capital 72 600 Plus: Net repayment (borrowing) of loans by equity affiliates 979 (66) Adjusted Free Cash Flow $ 4,127 $ 4,204 -9-

CHEVRON CORPORATION - FINANCIAL REVIEW Attachment 4 (unaudited) RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP MEASURES Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 REPORTED EARNINGS PreTax Income Tax AfterTax PreTax Income Tax AfterTax U.S. Upstream $ 2,112 $ 1,858 Int'l Upstream 1,797 1,900 U.S. Downstream 196 103 Int'l Downstream (1,013) 222 All Other (882) (583) Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Chevron Corporation $ 2,210 $ 3,500 SPECIAL ITEMS U.S. Upstream Legal reserves $ — $ — $ — $ (130) $ — $ (130) Int'l Upstream Tax items — — — — (55) (55) U.S. Downstream Legal reserves (470) 110 (360) (226) 56 (170) Int'l Downstream All Other Fair value adjustment of Hess common stock — — — 232 (52) 180 Total Special Items $ (470) $ 110 $ (360) $ (124) $ (51) $ (175) FOREIGN CURRENCY EFFECTS Int'l Upstream $ (233) $ (136) Int'l Downstream 8 3 All Other 2 (5) Total Foreign Currency Effects $ (223) $ (138) ADJUSTED EARNINGS/(LOSS) (1) U.S. Upstream $ 2,112 $ 1,988 Int'l Upstream 2,030 2,091 U.S. Downstream 556 273 Int'l Downstream (1,021) 219 All Other (884) (758) Total Adjusted Earnings/(Loss) $ 2,793 $ 3,813 Total Adjusted Earnings/(Loss) per share $ 1.41 $ 2.18 (1) Adjusted Earnings/(Loss) is defined as Net Income (loss) attributable to Chevron Corporation excluding special items and foreign currency effects. -10-

=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

2026 1Q Earnings Conference Call Edited Transcript

Friday, May 1, 2026

Chevron

May 1, 2026 11:00 AM ET

This transcript has been edited by Chevron Corporation. It is generally consistent with the original conference call transcript. For a replay of the Investor Conference Call, please listen to the webcast presentation posted on Chevron.com under the headings “Investors,” “Events & Presentations.”

Operator: Good morning. My name is Katie, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's first quarter 2026 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. If anyone requires assistance during the conference call, please press star then zero on your touchtone telephone. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference call over to the Head of Investor Relations of Chevron Corporation, Jeanine Wai. Please go ahead.

Jeanine Wai: Thank you, Katie.

Welcome to Chevron’s first quarter 2026 earnings conference call and webcast. I’m Jeanine Wai, Head of Investor Relations. Our Chairman and CEO, Mike Wirth, and CFO, Eimear Bonner, are on the call with me today. We will refer to the slides and prepared remarks that are available on Chevron’s website.

Before we begin, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. A reconciliation of non-GAAP measures can be found in the appendix to this presentation. Please review the cautionary statement and additional information presented on Slide 2 .

With that, now, I will turn it over to Mike.

Mike Wirth: Thanks, Jeanine, and welcome to your new role.

This quarter, Chevron delivered solid performance driven by disciplined execution and a resilient portfolio. Despite market volatility and heightened geopolitical tensions, our people remained focused on safely delivering the reliable energy the world needs. Our approach remains consistent – maintain capital and cost discipline, generate strong cash flow and deliver superior shareholder returns. Chevron’s fundamentals are strong. We have a world-class portfolio and Upstream assets with peer-leading cash margins, and we’re carrying strong momentum into the second quarter, with: • U.S. production over 2 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, • Gorgon and Wheatstone LNG running at full rates, • TCO producing above 1 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, and • U.S. refineries operating at record crude throughput.

The unique combination of Chevron’s industry-leading refining complexity – and our diverse, waterborne equity crudes from TCO, Guyana, Permian, Venezuela, and Argentina – creates opportunities for value capture through integration.

Our high-quality Upstream and Downstream portfolios delivered significant integration benefits during the quarter. We maintained strong supply into tight markets and

maximized margins across products, including fuel oil, sulfur and other secondary products which saw significant price dislocations.

We continue to optimize flows across our value chains to maintain high utilization and reliable supply into the market. In the second quarter, we expect global equity crude throughput to more than double year over year to 40%. In Asia, we anticipate over 80% refinery utilization.

Moving to Venezuela, we continue to leverage our deep expertise and long -standing position to create an option for the future. Two weeks ago, we announced an asset swap with PDVSA. The agreement increases our position in the Orinoco.

Ayacucho 8 expands our contiguous acreage position with Petropiar, offering operating and development synergies along with long-term growth potential and optionality.

Petroindependencia is a joint venture we’ve been in for more than 15 years, where we’ve increased our equity stake to 49%. Current operations are running smoothly. We’re still in debt recovery mode and expect Venezuela to continue to represent 1 -2% of cash flow from operations. This transaction is expected to improve resource depth and integration upside, supporting potential growth into the future.

Now, over to Eimear to discuss the financials.

Eimear Bonner: For the first quarter, Chevron reported earnings of $2.2 billion, or $1.11 per share. Adjusted earnings were $2.8 billion, or $1.41 per share. Included in the quarter was a $360 million charge related to a legal reserve. Foreign currency effects decreased earnings by $223 million. Organic capex was $3.9 billion in the quarter, consistent with historical capex trends of lighter spending in the first half of the year. Inorganic capex was approximately $200 million. We expect to finish within full-year capital guidance.

Adjusted first quarter earnings were $440 million lower than last quarter. Adjusted Upstream earnings increased due to higher realizations, lower DD&A, and favorable opex and tax impacts. Adjusted Downstream earnings decreased primarily due to unfavorable timing effects, which were partly offset by higher refining margins.

Unfavorable timing effects totaled around $3 billion for the quarter, reflecting a steep rise in commodity prices in March. The effect was evenly split between inventory valuation and mark-to-market accounting on paper derivative positions linked to physical cargoes.

We anticipate approximately $1 billion of the paper positions to unwind in the second quarter, with the majority of related cargoes delivered in April. Looking forward, we would expect additional timing effects when prices are rising and further unwinds when prices are falling.

Chevron generated cash flow from operations, excluding working capital, of $7.1 billion in the quarter. This includes unfavorable impacts from special items and timing effects totaling approximately $3 billion. Adjusted free cash flow was $4.1 billion for the quarter and included a $1 billion loan repayment from TCO. Share repurchases were $2.5 billion, in line with guidance.

Working capital was impacted by sharp commodity price increases, as well as a build in inventory. Consistent with historical trends, we expect an increase in working capital in the first half of the year and a release in the second half, the extent of which will be primarily driven by prices.

Over the period, more than $5 billion in commercial paper was issued to manage liquidity and general business needs. About half has already been paid down in April, and we expect these short-term balances to decline further throughout the second quarter.

First quarter 2026 oil-equivalent production increased by approximately 500 thousand barrels per day compared to the first quarter of 2025. This reflects the integration of legacy Hess assets, in addition to continued organic growth across the portfolio.

The conflict in the Middle East had a limited impact on production in the quarter with less than 5% of our portfolio located in the region. In the Partitioned Zone, we are operating at near minimum rates to manage storage. In the Eastern Mediterranean, both Tamar and Leviathan are operating at full capacity. During the quarter, we continued to execute key expansion projects, completing the offshore scope for both the Tamar optimization project and the Leviathan third gathering line.

Let me close by reinforcing that, despite changes in the external environment, we’re executing our plan with discipline, consistent with our long-standing financial priorities. This disciplined approach gives us resilience during periods of volatility, and the ability to invest and return cash to shareholders through the cycle, all while ensuring we maintain a balance sheet built for the long-term. Chevron’s business is strong and our 2026 guidance is unchanged.

Capital spending and production outlooks are consistent with previous guidance, and we’re on track to deliver our $3 to $4 billion structural cost reduction target by yearend. This consistency underpins our 2030 targets announced in November, including over 10% growth in adjusted free cash flow and earnings per share, and 3% improvement in ROCE, all at $70 Brent.

These aren’t aspirational goals; they’re grounded in assets that are operating today, a more efficient organizational model, and continued capital discipline.

I’ll now hand it off to Jeanine.

Jeanine Wai: That concludes our prepared remarks. Thank you, Mike, Eimear. As a reminder, additional guidance can be found in the appendix of the presentation, as well as in the slides and other information that’s posted on Chevron.com.

We’re now ready to take your questions. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question and will do our best to get all of your questions answered.

Katie, please open the lines.

Operator: Thank you. If you have a question at this time, please press star one on your touchtone telephone. To allow for questions from more participants, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. If your question has been answered or you wish to remove yourself from the queue, please press star two. If you are listening on a speakerphone, we ask you please lift your handset before asking your question to provide optimum sound quality. Again, if you have a question, please press star one on your touchtone telephone.

Our first question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.

Neil Mehta: (Goldman Sachs) Mike, I would love your perspective on the current conflict in the Middle East. And if you could share how you think about this in the context of your four-decade history in oil and gas and how significant of a moment is this? What do you think the long-term implications are of the current conflict? And I know at the Analyst Day in November, we talked about a flat, nominal $70 Brent as a mid-cycle planning assumption, but does this event change the way you think about mid-cycle pricing?

Mike Wirth: This is clearly a very significant disruption to the global energy system. It's a scenario that we've thought about, we've included in some of our planning exercises for many, many years. It's early, I think, to have firm conclusions about how the energy system will change in the long-term. I do think there will be changes. But I think we have to see how things play out over the coming weeks – hopefully, not longer than that – as this comes to some sort of a resolution and the energy system begins to be reconstituted in a way that can reach some new equilibrium.

I think that new equilibrium will look different than what we've known before , but I'm not sure I could argue with a lot of confidence that I could describe exactly what that looks like.

One thing you can expect from us is consistency. You will see capital and cost discipline no matter what. You will see us invest in highly competitive assets with scale and longevity no matter what, assets that are low on the cost curve. You're going to see us invest to drive strong returns and free cash flow, maintain a strong balance sheet, so we can create predictable and growing shareholder distributions. We've got great visibility through 2030. Eimear just reiterated our guidance for that and we've got assets online now that deliver predictable, visible cash flow growth for the balance of this decade, and we've got a full hopper far beyond that.

So, I think the things that Eimear talked about – consistency, discipline, the strength of our portfolio on the ground operating today – are all things that will underpin our strategy going forward, and as we see how this is resolved and as we see what the energy system begins to look like post the conflict, if we want to fine tune that at all, we'll come back and talk to you about it. But I really think it's early for me to give you anything concrete other than to reiterate, the things that you've seen out of us and that in my 44 years, have stood us in good stead through unexpected events and cycles , are characteristics that you should expect to endure.

Operator: We'll take our next question from Arun Jayaram with J.P. Morgan.

Arun Jayaram: (J.P. Morgan) Mike and Eimear, it feels like one of the key themes from the print is the opportunity for Chevron to optimize margins from the refining system as well as your increased exposure to waterborne crudes post the Hess merger, and I'm looking at Slide 4. I was wondering if you could help us think about the value capture opportunities and maybe the experience in 1Q and how should we think about this integration favorably impacting your go-forward earnings power?

Mike Wirth: As part of the organizational changes that we made last year, we stood up a global Enterprise Optimization team. And they've really got the remit, across all of the Upstream and the Downstream, to be sure that we're getting maximum value out of the entire set of assets, and we're integrating where it makes sense. They've done a really nice job in the last quarter of keeping our system operating at high degrees of utilization, capturing good margins through volatility. Our portfolio provides options to move things around in times like this. Our refineries in Asia, which are all in various types of ventures, we expect those to run 40% Chevron equity crude in the second quarter, much higher than under normal market conditions and probably much higher than we'll see in some of the other refining assets in that region, because we have the

ability to direct equity flows to those refineries at a time when access to crude is very important and very difficult. In the U.S., we're operating at over 50% equity crude throughput; some refineries much, much higher than that. We've used the Jones Act waiver to move crudes from the Gulf Coast around to the West Coast. In Asia in the first quarter, we ran CPC Blend, we ran Mars, WTI, all in our GS Caltex refinery in South Korea.

Just to give you a point of reference, I used to run our Downstream business and in those days, we were about 15% equity crude into our refining system and 85% crudes from the market. As I said, we expect to be 40% [equity crude throughput] in Asia, north of 50% and much higher than some refineries in the U.S. And so that's a significant change from our history. At a time when margins are likely to move back and forth across that value chain – they may be in the Upstream, they may be in the Downstream – we’re going to be able to capture those with a much greater confidence.

Importantly, in a world that is getting very tight on products, we're going to keep our assets very full and be able to provide a significant supply into markets that dearly need it. We're not going to quantify the value that we're capturing, but I think you'll see it flow through in the numbers, and it is meaningful, and I think that's continuing already into the second quarter and likely beyond.

Operator: We'll take our next question from Devin McDermott with Morgan Stanley.

Devin McDermott: (Morgan Stanley) Eimear, in your prepared remarks, you highlighted Chevron's long-standing and consistent financial priorities. I wanted to build on that a bit and get your latest thinking on capital allocation at higher prices and particularly that balance between shareholder returns, building cash and growth. You did leave the buyback range unchanged quarter-over-quarter, which I think makes a lot of sense and I commend you for not being procyclical on the buyback, but maybe just talk through the strategy there. And then on the growth spending side, what would you need to see to shift spending, maybe add some capital in the Permian and move away from the plateau back toward growth in that asset? So two parts of the question, but would love to hear your thoughts.

Eimear Bonner: Overall, it comes back to staying consistent with our four financial priorities and being really disciplined on that, through volatility. That's why today, we're not changing any of our capital allocation framework. We're not changing any of our ranges, and we're happy with where we are and with all of those.

Just maybe to recap, first and foremost, growing the dividend. And this year, we've grown it for the 39th consecutive year.

Two, investing in the business in the most capital-efficient way. Our [organic capital] budget is $18 to $19 billion for the year. We're on track with that budget. Our capital performance is really strong. With that capital, we're going to grow 7% to 10% production this year. We're reconfirming that growth.

The third is the balance sheet. The balance sheet is in great health. The balance sheet will get stronger with higher cash generation.

And then fourth is the buyback, staying within $2.5 to $3 billion for the range. With only eight weeks into the conflict, as Mike said, it's too early to have a different view on the fundamental outlook around price. It's too early to see or have a view of whether that is structurally changing. And so when it comes to capital allocation, we're comfortable with where we are, and we're staying consistent and disciplined.

Operator: We'll take our next question from Doug Leggate with Wolfe Research.

Doug Leggate: (Wolfe Research) Mike and Eimear, I wonder if I could follow up on Devin's question. And maybe just ask for a little bit more color around two specific assets. Obviously, you had some changes in Venezuela, Mike. But my understanding is that's been running essentially as recycling cash flow to maintain the business and obviously pay down your legacy money you’re owed – debt and so on. But I'm wondering, are you at a point now where the fiscal terms have changed, the security situation is different, basically, the broad picture for Venezuela – where you would be prepared to incrementally put more capital? And I guess I'd ask the same question of the Permian, where not so long ago, you did have a growth story there, you stabilized it, but one could argue that in both of those areas, there might be a call for incremental oil production longer term and you guys are in a pretty strong position to deploy capital if you did. So I guess it's a capital increase question, but it's also specific to those two assets.

Mike Wirth: What I would say, number one, is we are operating now, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, with TCO greater than a million barrels a day [of oil-equivalent production], Permian solidly above a million barrels a day [of oil-equivalent production], the Australian LNG facilities running at full capacity, Gulf of America. I mean, all the big pistons in the engine are firing and as we come into the second quarter, we've got tremendous momentum across the system. Production in the second quarter is expected to be higher than production in the first quarter. Eimear reiterated 7% to 10% production growth guidance for the year, and we've got strong growth in the business right now.

Then we've got options, right? We've got a portfolio that presents us with options. I think Eimear said it pretty well in response to Devin: it's early into this conflict to be making big changes. We don't know how things will be resolved. You could build a scenario where things get resolved quickly, the Strait [of Hormuz] reopens, and we get back into a market that's pretty well-supplied. You can build another scenario that says this goes on and the market is tighter, and it looks different on the other side of it. I don't know exactly how this will play out. We're not going to make any rash or immediate changes to a system that's running at a high degree of capital efficiency today and operating efficiency. It’s really important to stay focused on reliability at a time like this and safety at a time like this.

Specific to Venezuela, your understanding is right. We are still recycling cash flow. We still have debt to recover. We're obviously recovering at a faster rate in this kind of a price environment, and there are indicators of positive developments in the country, but there are still questions. The fiscal terms are not clear, there's ranges that they've indicated for tax, for royalties, there's still things that need to be addressed relative to dispute resolution, etc. So we'll continue to operate in the mode we're in right now, which has yielded some growth over the past couple of years and in fact, yielded growth this year, but we need to see further progress before we would put more capital to work. We've got a lot of resource there, and we could grow it.

In the Permian, I think Eimear mentioned that we're running the Permian to deliver strong free cash flow right now. We could hit the gas and begin to grow it again, but I don't know what the future looks like, and at this point, the value that we're seeing in improved asset reliability and reduced lost production to downtime, etc., is very real. And we get [improved base performance] because we are so focused on that and a shift to quickly turn to more production growth might dilute that focus. We'll update you over time if our view on these things changes but for right now, I think it's really steady as she goes.

Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Richardson with Evercore [ISI].

Steve Richardson: (Evercore ISI) Mike, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the exclusivity agreement with Microsoft on the power project. Specifically, you've been at this for a while. No doubt you've learned some things, that it's been a bit of a journey getting to this place in terms of dealing with a different type of counterparty in a different industry. But also, could you just update us on time to clarity on contract and FID and all those good things.

Mike Wirth: It has been reported, I think we've confirmed, that we're in an exclusive discussion with Microsoft right now. We're very pleased to be in those discussions with such a highquality customer as Microsoft, and it's a company we know well. They've been a partner of ours for a long time. They're our primary cloud provider. They've been a key technology provider to us for many, many years and we've got a deep and very good relationship with Microsoft.

The project that we're advancing in West Texas is progressing well. We've submitted an air permit. We've secured not only the large turbines that we've talked about before, but also small block generation that's useful in early scale-up and for some reliability. We've selected an EPC who's doing engineering work on that. We've agreed with a water provider, etc. We're advancing the project with a lot of pace, we're beginning to take delivery on turbines this year. Subject to definitive agreements, which we are in negotiations for, we will move towards FID [Final Investment Decision] later this year, and I think we'll deliver a project with speed, with scale and that's differentiated.

We'll remain disciplined on returns. The negotiations thus far look like we can find a place to meet where Microsoft's expectations on power prices and our expectations on return on investment can both be satisfied. And like I said, we're very, very pleased. I think we'll probably have more to say about this on the next call, so stay tuned.

Operator: We'll take our next question from Biraj Borkhataria with Royal Bank of Canada.

Biraj Borkhataria: (RBC) Just wanted to follow up on Venezuela again, and this situation is obviously evolving quite quickly. At the start of the year, comments from the U.S. administration was essentially around oil companies not looking backwards at the receivables balance and looking forward. And then more recently, you today and some of your peers have been talking about the potential to get some of that paid back. So my question is really, how should we think about what is a reasonable time frame to assume for you to get yo ur couple of billion-dollar receivables balance back?

Mike Wirth: Biraj, we came into the year with, round numbers, something close to $1.5 billion in a receivable. As I said, the rate at which that gets paid down is somewhat a function of the price, and we're receiving it faster this year than last year, obviously. I think we'll still carry some sort of a balance on that as we get to the end of this year, but much lower than where we are, and I think that would probably be fully paid off at some point in 2027.

Subsequently, we would update you on what the model would be for cash distributions going forward, and I think by the time we get to 2027, some of these open questions that I referred to in response to the prior question relative to tax royalty contract terms, etc., are likely to be clarified and we'll be able to give you more guidance on what we might do relative to capital investment. In any scenario, we remain the advantaged incumbent with people on the ground, with operations, with supply chains and contract resources, etc., that put us in a very good position to be a big player there, presuming that we see further progress.

Operator: We'll take our next question from Sam Margolin with Wells Fargo.

Sam Margolin: (Wells Fargo) Appreciate the view that the visibility on the long-term is very limited right now. But in the near-term, there's some extraordinary things happening too. Localized shortages could start to become an issue in some of the places that you operate in the next couple of months, depending on how the situation plays out. Chevron is exposed to these kind of idiosyncratic market events, volatility events, not just in regular operations, but also in the way you manage the supply chain. So I wonder, in the context of the timing effect in 1Q and the derivatives exposure, if anything's changed or if you're adjusting kind of your operating posture within this highly volatile and extraordinary environment?

Mike Wirth: Sam, it is an unusual environment. We've had experience working in unusual environments. In 2020, we saw the inverse of this with the collapse of demand and excess supply. In 2022, we saw a version of this when the conflict in Ukraine began. We’ve got a playbook to deal with these things, and you work on optimizing supply into these markets. You look at your financial exposures and counterparty circumstances and manage your risks there.

The timing effects that were reported are the kinds of things you expect in a market like this and the kinds of things we've seen before, and so there's nothing unusual there. It was a big run-up in crude price over the course of the quarter, and things that normally don't really appear in our financials relative to derivatives become very evident in the market like that. In a market that goes the other way, you see those effects and they go the other direction, and so I wouldn't overreact to [those] things in our numbers.

We're very focused on supply in the markets. I mentioned Asia, where there is clearly some of the nearest-term stresses, we are working to keep our refineries in Asia running at, I would argue probably the highest degree of utilization of anybody out there because we can direct crude into those refineries. I gave an example of some of the crudes we've moved there. We can take crudes that would normally go into our U.S. refineries. We've got good substitutions for those that are available to us, and we can move other crudes we've got access to into Asia. We’re very sensitive to trying to maintain supply into markets that are getting tight. We're very sensitive to the implications of this for customers, for counterparties, etc. It's a dynamic situation, but we've got an organization that's very experienced in managing through these unpredictable and dynamic markets, and I'm very confident that we can manage those exposures very well.

Operator: We’ll take our next question from Betty Jiang with Barclays.

Betty Jiang: (Barclays) Mike, Eimear, I want to ask about the TCO. In your prepared remarks, you actually mentioned that TCO is producing above a million barrels – BOE – per day. So that's above your nameplate capacity, and that's coming back from the disruptions that you saw in 1Q. Would you just speak to where that asset is performing? What’s driving that outperformance and maybe the debottlenecking opportunities? And then while we are on this topic, Mike, could you just give us an update on how the renegotiation contract conversations are going?

Mike Wirth: First of all, TCO returned to full service in March following the repairs on the electrical system in February, and there were some adverse weather dynamics in the Black Sea in early March. We've got two out of the three single point moorings available at CPC [Caspian Pipeline Consortium], the third one later this year. But with two, we can handle full flow on the pipeline. The pipeline is running full, the plant is running full. We've done a lot of maintenance work as a part of what's going on over here this last

period of time, and we have the plant expected to be at near full availability for the remainder of this year.

You mentioned the debottlenecking work that we did late in 2025. We've now got that running in its new configuration. Early performance has been very encouraging. I don't think we've got enough run time yet to give you any specific guidance on that. We just need to see a little bit more operational data, but you can expect on the next call that we should give you an update on that, and at times like this, when the market signals are to run all of your assets as strongly as you possibly can, that's what's happening at TCO. We continue to see the benefits of a centralized control center in optimizing all the different generations of processing capability there and finding, I'll call it white space , or the opportunity to squeeze more production through those assets. It's a very complex optimization equation. And we've got new tools to do that in ways that we just never have before. I'm encouraged by what we're seeing thus far, and we'll give you more guidance next quarter.

On the concession, we're making good progress there in the discussions. We're working closely with all partners in the venture and the Republic [of Kazakhstan]. There are technical and commercial teams that have been established and all partners and government representatives are actively participating in that process. I think this has ensured that we keep everyone well-aligned, we're proceeding on the same path, and it's moving along. That's another one where I think at some point later this year, we'll give you an update.

This is a venture that's created enormous value for all stakeholders, whether it's the partners or the Republic over the last 33 years, and we’re looking for a solution that will continue that history.

Maybe a final point on TCO overall. Our guidance of $6 billion in free cash flow this year is unchanged, and that accounts for the operational issues that we saw in the first quarter and accounts for what we're seeing today, and so the cash flow guidance at $6 billion at $70 [Brent is unchanged]. Obviously, at a higher price, if that's where we end up this year, we'll see stronger than that.

Operator: We'll take our next question from Lucas Herrmann with BNP Paribas.

Lucas Herrmann: (BNP Paribas) Mike, Eimear, just touching on the LNG business briefly. I mean the market is obviously tighter. I just wondered how much flex you've got across your portfolio to take advantage of arbitrage or other opportunities that may be emerging. How much production is not effectively committed? That was broadly it, thank you.

Mike Wirth: We ended last year with a [LNG] portfolio that's about 16 million [metric] tonnes per year. Majority of that obviously is out of Australia, where we've got 40 TCF [trillion cubic feet] of resource and access to the strong and growing demand in Asia. Globally, our portfolio is about 80% long-term oil-linked contracts and about 20% exposed to the spot market. We like that over time.

I think coming into this year, with some of the expectations for length in the LNG market, people would have said that's a good place to be. When spot prices get very strong, obviously, you say, “Well, I'd like to have more spot.” We've got to look at our way through those kinds of cycles. And our oil-linked contracts, which have a lag, don't show a lot of the current market environment in the first quarter ; you can expect in subsequent quarters that you will see that flow through into the pricing on that 80% of our volume. And of course, the 20% that's sold on our spot contracts is seeing the kinds of prices you've seen in the market recently.

We just sold our first U.S.-based cargo and that [offtake capacity] will grow by 2030 to another four million [metric] tonnes per annum. That take us up to 20 [million metric tonnes per annum]. That [first cargo] was sold into Europe on spot-based prices. And I mentioned earlier, we've got our portfolio running very, strongly – Wheatstone and Gorgon at full rates, same in West Africa. We're seeing the benefits of this, and the proportions are as I described.

Operator: We will take our next question from Manav Gupta with UBS.

Manav Gupta: (UBS) I wanted to shift to chemicals. Globally, we are seeing naphtha crackers run dry because there's just not enough naphtha. Your portfolio is very U.S.-centric, there’s a little bit out there with 15%, but mostly the capacity is in the U.S. And what we are hearing is that they're pushing for $0.20 per pound polyethylene price hike, so we ended fourth quarter at record low historic margins, but 2Q could be actually over mid-cycle. Can you talk a little bit about that and how you benefit from that?

Mike Wirth: Just to remind everybody, our exposure to petrochemicals is primarily through Chevron Phillips Chemical, also some through GS Caltex in Korea, and CPChem is very much tilted towards ethane-based cracking here in North America, and some in the Middle East. [GS Caltex] is liquids-cracking, but it's derived from its own refining flows and so not reliant upon naphtha supply out of the Middle East. We've seen strong price moves, particularly in the olefins chain, which is where most of our exposure is, and those price moves, as I think you're probably aware, were predominantly here in the second quarter. You don't see much of that in the first quarter, but chain margins have significantly improved from very low levels, as you mentioned, last year to what now are chain margins that I would agree are likely better than mid-cycle chain margins. I think you're going to see for people that have assets that are up and running in parts of the world where you're cracking advantaged feedstock and certainly, North America n ethane would be described that way, you should see pretty good margin capture in those businesses, absolutely.

Operator: We'll take our next question from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bank of America.

Jean Ann Salisbury: (Bank of America) I wanted to get your latest thoughts on the Bakken, whether the initiatives to lower costs have given you more conviction that it’s core in your portfolio? And whether the higher oil prices may have increased the interest from others in owning that asset?

Mike Wirth: The Bakken assets have been running well. We've said that you should probably expect to see a couple of hundred thousand barrels [of oil-equivalent] a day production there to plateau. First quarter was a little bit below that, primarily on some weather effects. We've brought down the rig count there. We're running three rigs now, versus four previously. We're drilling longer laterals. We think we can sustain production that way and fully utilize existing infrastructure, drive strong free cash flow there. We're applying best practices from our portfolio, bringing some things in from Hess' s practices like we did from Noble and PDC.

This is a more liquids-weighted position in the shale and so you're right, the strong liquids pricing makes it perform very, very well. We were getting interest from others really since we've announced the deal and certainly since we've closed the deal, we've had some incoming on that. We want to see a little bit more operating data and really understand the asset. As I mentioned before, we've underestimated the quality of the DJ [Basin] when we acquired Noble, and thankfully, we didn't sell it quickly. And here, we want to be sure we fully appreciate the value that we've got in the Bakken.

I'll give you an example of one of the things we'll be doing. We're testing advanced chemicals to improve recovery in the Bakken today, things we've been doing in the

Permian and in the DJ. Early response looks pretty good, and to the extent we've got ways we can improve the recovery and the value on that asset and maybe do some things that aren't available to others, we ought to be able to drive more value out of that than a buyer potentially could. So, performing very well, really pleased with it and we're in no hurry to do anything other than continue to improve it. In due course, like every other asset in the portfolio, we ask questions about how does it fit for the long term, but it's a little premature for us to be asking that question today.

Operator: We'll take our next question from James West with Melius Research.

James West: (Melius Research) I wanted to dig in a little bit on your Eastern Mediterranean assets. It seems to me that the region, given the conflict near that region, that your – those assets are much more valuable at this point. And so as we think about Leviathan, Tamar – which you operate – and then Aphrodite – which I know you're not an operator, but you're obviously involved, heavily involved there – how you’re thinking about those assets going forward because there's a lot of natural gas that needs to get to a lot of places in the region for energy security purposes and others, so I’d like to get your quick thoughts on that.

Mike Wirth: Broadly speaking, James, I would agree with you. We have liked these assets from the get-go. That's why we're investing in expanding production at both Tamar and Leviathan, making good progress on those projects with some ramp -up this year of another 600 million cubic feet per day of production on a 100% basis.

A longer-term expansion of Leviathan [is] underway, we took FID on that in January and are excited about that. Of course, we've begun work, FEED [Front End Engineering and Design] work, at Aphrodite. So, this is a high-quality, nice, clean biogenic gas. The demand for the gas in the region continues to grow and supply reliability everywhere in the world now is obviously a priority. So, the markets that we're feeding are growing, and the quality of the resource is very high.

The quality of the assets, just a shout out back to Noble, those continue to impress us as we look at the expansions with the way they were engineered and designed. We view the Eastern Med as an area with some growth potential. We've got exploration activity there. You can think of it as a big gas hub with a lot of resource that has been discovered and more still to be discovered. So, we're pleased with our position there, and you can expect us to continue to pursue exploration and development opportunities over time.

Operator: We will take our next question from Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research.

Bob Brackett: (Bernstein Research) You mentioned that Chevron, of course, has a playbook to deal with supply shocks. Governments around the world also dust off playbooks during supply shocks. Can you talk to what sort of government policies around the world that are helpful during a supply shock, and which are perhaps unhelpful?

Mike Wirth: You’re right, Bob – there are playbooks all across the spectrum and there are policies that are helpful in responding to a circumstance like this, and there are those that are not. Broadly speaking, we've got a supply challenge in the world. Policies that encourage more supply, that enable supply, that facilitate the ease of supply are the ones that are helpful.

I'll give you some examples. Releases of strategic reserves: clearly, that puts oil into the market that wouldn't otherwise be there. That's a good policy move. In the U.S., we've seen the waiver of the Jones Act. That allows us to use ships that otherwise couldn't trade in these markets to move supplies from where they exist to where they're

desperately needed. That's a good move. We've seen moves to relax specifications, which take a government-imposed constraint on what product can move to what market and enable you to move products that are needed and otherwise would not be able to do so. So, we see it in the U.S. Another one we've seen is the use of the Defense Production Act to enable some offshore California production to come into service and get into the market, and we're working with the operator of that asset to get it to our El Segundo refinery to meet local needs. California is the state where the supply pinch is being felt first, and I would say most acutely, and it's flowed through all the way to the street. So, there are a number of actions that have been taken that I think have been very positive in terms of creating supply and flexibility in the system to get that supply where it's needed.

The actions that can be unhelpful are price caps, which do not allow the signal to use energy efficiently [to] flow through into the economy, and they send a signal that can discourage the creation of supplies into markets that need them. Well-intended to buffer the impact of this on consumers and economies, but what it does is it distorts the normal behavior of the market.

Export bans can do the same thing. They can constrain supplies that would otherwise flow into the market to the places that need them most and make the situation worse.

And then, of course, the one that a number of governments have gone to historically are some sort of taxes on profits that are generated during periods like this. The history of those taxes is they don't generate nearly as much revenue as they're initially advertised to do and what they do is they send unhelpful questions about future investments. So, they can slow the supply response, not in the immediate-term, but out into the mediumterm and create circumstances which create vulnerabilities out into the future. We're engaged with governments around the world to discuss these policies, to encourage those that really do help respond to the situation, and to caution people about policies that may not help.

One thing that a company like ours with a large, diverse portfolio has is [that] we're not overly exposed to a potential bad policy decision in any particular market because we have such a broad footprint; a more narrow footprint or one that's more concentrated in some of these areas could be more vulnerable to those effects.

Operator: We will take our next question from Phillip Jungwirth with BMO.

Phillip Jungwirth: (BMO) A lot going on in the world right now, but I wanted to ask about U.S. climate litigation, just because that's been an overhang for the industry for a while. We might get some clarity here with the Supreme Court now taking up the issue with the Colorado case. But how much do you think this could settle the question around state versus federal jurisdiction and just advance the whole climate debate in the U.S.?

Mike Wirth: We're not party to that litigation, Phil, so I can't comment too specifically about it, but we are party to another case that was just heard by the Supreme Court and concluded that a case that had been heard in state court really should be removed to federal court. I won't get into the rationale behind that; you may or may not be familiar with it. But the principles are somewhat analogous, that this is a matter for federal courts to decide, in our view. In fact, it's truly a matter for elected officials to decide and establish climate policies that appropriately reflect the sentiment of the public and the interest of the nation, and that cities, counties, states, are not the appropriate place for climate policy to be established nor for climate issues to be subject to litigation.

We're hopeful that the case, if it does make it to the Supreme Court, provides some clarity. At the federal court level, we've seen kind of mixed views come out. This is a

matter that, I think, really would benefit from some clarity that emerges from the highest court of the land. More to follow.

Operator: We will take our next question from Nitin Kumar with Mizuho.

Nitin Kumar: (Mizuho) Back in November, you had given us a little bit of an update on your exploration program kind of setting up the company beyond 2030, included some potential opportunities into new countries. Given the events that have happened here in the last eight weeks, any change to the pecking order of those priorities? Or anything that you're prosecuting a little bit faster to get that oil to the market?

Mike Wirth: I would say it really hasn't changed, Nitin; exploration is a longer cycle activity. We've got a portfolio that's diverse; I think that's valuable as you look at the circumstances right now. We do have some opportunities in the Middle East region, but we certainly have a number of opportunities we're highly interested in that are outside of the Middle East, and the reality that the world needs this energy supply and will need it long into the future means that we need to continue to look for resource around the world.

We're pleased with the portfolio that we've built up. We're pleased with some of the new talent that has joined the company. We've got a different model under which we're making decisions now. We're using new technologies to try to improve both the cycle time and the success of our exploration program. You can expect to see those things continue. We've increased our financial commitment to it as well, and so, more to follow.

But I think this is a discussion that will occur over the next number of years and to the kind of earlier comments, if we're not going to change our activity levels in the Permian, for instance, in response to the last few weeks of disruption – certainly, that's a place where you do have shorter-term handles you could pull – something like exploration, which is longer cycle, really doesn't get affected by this in the short -term.

Operator: We will take our next question from Jason Gabelman with TD Cowen.

Jason Gabelman: (TD Cowen) You've guided to your equity affiliate distributions being at about 70% of what the full year guide is by the end of 2Q. I'm assuming some of that is related to the higher oil price. Can you just talk about if the relationship between equity distributions and the oil price is linear, and if you have a rule of thumb there to help the market kind of think about the potential upside as a result of what we're seeing in the market?

Eimear Bonner: Jason, obviously, as Mike talked about, we're coming into the second quarter with a lot of really strong momentum on our affiliates, starting with TCO back at full rates and testing the upside of the capacity; CPChem is also contributing; Angola LNG [also] full. Those are the examples of just the tailwinds that we're seeing on the assets and the strong momentum that we have; that's why we were able to increase our affiliate distribution guidance today, and it's over $2 billion more relative to the first quarter. It's because of the confidence that we have in the performance.

Another thing I would mention is TCO has already changed their distribution schedule ; they’re now giving us dividends monthly. We've already got the first one in the bank in April. So those actions, coupled with the operational momentum, is why the guidance is raised. Look, obviously, the guidance is at $60 [Brent], and so there's a lot of upside here depending on how prices unfold.

Operator: We will take our final question from Geoff Jay with Daniel Energy Partners.

Geoff Jay: (Daniel Energy Partners) I had a kind of a follow-up to Bob Brackett's question, really about California specifically. I mean, there's been a lot written about its reliance on imports, its low inventory levels and I guess wondering, as an operator of refineries in that state, have there been other relief valves? Has the Jones Act helped? Have there been other sort of operational changes that you've made to kind of make sure that market is adequately supplied?

Mike Wirth: Well, I've referred to one and I guess both of them. The ability to bring this new production offshore from Sable onshore and make sure that's getting into the California market. I mean that's California oil through a California pipeline to a California refinery to California customers. And that was not happening just a few months ago.

Same thing with Jones Act. We can bring crude oil or products from the Gulf Coast that are needed in California. You've got some special specifications you have to hit to maybe blend stocks that would come around. But yes, we are very sensitive to our customers in California and the circumstances there.

I think you're well aware of what California's policies have delivered to the state, which is an oil industry that is in decline – whether that's Upstream production or refining – where we've seen a couple of refineries shut down this year, that has constrained supply capability and at a time when the world is feeling these constraints.

California is reliant upon supplies from other parts of the world, which are maybe needed to keep their own economies going. It's a real dilemma for the state. We are doing everything we can to meet our supply obligations there, but it does point out the vulnerabilities that have been created in California as a result of decades of poor energy policy.

Jeanine Wai: I would like to thank everyone for your time today. We appreciate your interest in Chevron and your participation on today's call. Please stay safe and healthy.

Katie, back to you.

Operator: Thank you. This concludes Chevron's first quarter 2026 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.