=== PRESS RELEASE ===

SHELL PLC THIRD QUARTER 2025 RESULTS

SINEAD GORMAN, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF SHELL PLC Welcome to Shell's third quarter 2025 results presentation. This quarter we delivered another strong set of results. Our Adjusted Earnings were 5.4 billion dollars , and we generated 12.2 billion dollars in cash flow from operations. The quarter- on-quarter improvement was driven by strong performance across our businesses with all demonstrating positive momentum. This quarter clearly illustrates how our focus on performance, discipline and simplification is laying the foundations of a winning performance culture across Shell. So, let's start with performance: In Integrated Gas, strong operational delivery drove higher liquefaction volumes, which in turn enabled a higher contribution from LNG trading and optimisation this quarter. The start- up of LNG Canada, where 13 cargoes were delivered from Train 1 in Q3 contributed to these volumes , and there is more to come with the expected start- up of Train 2 later this quarter. In Upstream, our strong operational performance resulted in higher production. Together, Brazil and the Gulf of America made up more than half of our liquids production in Upstream. In Brazil, we achieved our highest-ever quarterly production. And in the Gulf of America, we reached our highest quarterly production level since 2005. B oth were supported by successful project ramp- ups such as the Whale project in the Gulf of America which reached nameplate capacity, with wells producing above the investment case expectations. This was achieved in less than half the expected time, showing the benefit of our design one, build many philosophy. And we also saw numerous examples of operational excellence in other parts of the company. In Marketing, the business delivered its second-highest quarterly Adjusted Earnings in over a decade, as we continue to capture more value, through growing margins of our premium products. Chemicals and Products results also improved quarter on quarter, with stronger crude and products trading, whilst Chemicals continues to face challenges with weak margins. Moving to our second focus area , simplification, where the organisation is making real progress. At our QGC asset in Australia, for instance, production reached an all -time

high in the third quarter. This was supported by a reduction of almost 90% in well site permits ensuring operations are not only safe and fit for purpose, but also allowing the team to free up time for even more value-added activities. We're also simplifying our portfolio, just as we said we would at Capital Markets Day. We continue to maintain a relentless focus on value over volume, high -grading the portfolio where we see the opportunities to do so. And you can see this in our Mobility business. Year-to-date, we've divested or closed some 400 lower-performing retail sites. Beyond Mobility, we've completed the divestment of the non-core interest in the Colonial Pipeline, which generated around 1 billion dollars in proceeds. And we also completed the sell-down of five Savion solar projects, as part of our power strategy, where we are allocating capital to parts of the value chain that offer higher returns and where we have differentiated capabilities. Our third key focus area is discipline. We take our responsibility as custodians of shareholders' capital extremely seriously and that is why we made the difficult but value -driven decision to not restart the construction of our HEFA biofuels facility in Rotterdam. And we continue to apply that rigorous valuedriven lens to all of our investments. Our disciplined approach to capital allocation allows us to remain resilient throughout the cycle, while continuing to invest in growth within our 20 to 22 billion dollar cash capex range, such as the H.I. gas development project in Nigeria, where we took a final investment decision this month. Looking at our financial framework more broadly , in Q3 our net debt decreased as we continue to maintain a strong balance sheet. We also continue to deliver attractive shareholder distributions , and at the end of Q3, our 4-quarter rolling shareholder distributions were 48% of CFFO, in line with our target range of 40 to 50% of CFFO through the cycle. And today, we announced another 3.5 billion dollar share buyback programme, which we expect to complete by the time of our Q4 results announcement. This marks the 16th consecutive quarter in which we have announced 3 billion dollars or more in buybacks. Once this programme is completed, we will have repurchased more than a quarter of our shares over the last 4 years. So to summarise:

In Q3 we delivered strong financial results , improving our performance quarter on quarter. This improvement was driven by strong operational performance across the company. And we'll keep delivering on what we say, focusing on performance, discipline and simplification, so we can continue to deliver more value with less emissions. Thank you.

Shell plc October 30, 2025 www.shell.com/investors

DEFINITIONS AND CAUTIONARY NOTE The companies in which Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this presentation “ Shell”, “Shell Group” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience to reference Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general. Likewi se, the words “we”, “us” and “our” are also used to refer to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them. These terms are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular entity or entities. ‘‘Subsidiaries’’, “Shell subsidiaries” and “Shell companies” as used in this presentation refer to entities over which Shell plc either d irectly or indirectly has control. The terms “joint venture”, “joint operations”, “joint arrangements”, and “associates” may also b e used to refer to a commercial arrangement in which Shell has a direct or indirect ownership interest with one or more parties. The term “Shell interest” is used for convenience to indicate the direc t and/or indirect ownership interest held by Shell in an entity or unincorporated joint arrangement, after exclusion of all third-party interest. This presentation contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) concerning the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of Shell. All statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. Forwardlooking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these s tatements. Forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements concerning the potential exposure of Shell to market risks and statements expressing management’s expectations, beliefs, estimates, forecasts, projections and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”; “ambition”; ‘‘anticipate’’; “aspire”; “aspiration”; ‘‘believe’’; “commit”; “commitment”; ‘‘could’’; “desire”; ‘‘estimate’’; ‘‘expect’’; ‘‘goals’’; ‘‘intend’’; ‘‘may’’; “milestones”; ‘‘objectives’’; ‘‘outlook’’; ‘‘plan’’; ‘‘probably’’; ‘‘project’’; ‘‘risks’’; “schedule”; ‘‘seek’’; ‘‘should’’; ‘‘target’’; “vision”; ‘‘will’’; “would” and similar terms and phrases. There are a number of factors that could affect the future operations of Shell and could cause those results to differ materially from those exp ressed in the forward -looking statements included in this presentation, including (without limitation): (a) price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas; (b) changes in demand for Shell’s products; (c) currency fluctuations; (d) drilling and production results; (e) reserves estimates; (f) loss of market share and industry competition; (g) environmental and physical risks, including climate change; (h) risks associated with the identification of suitable potential acquisition properties and targets, and su ccessful negotiation and completion of such transactions; (i) the risk of doing business in developing countries and countries subject to international sanctions; (j) le gislative, judicial, fiscal and regulatory developments including tariffs and regulatory measures addressing climate change; (k) e conomic and financial market conditions in various countries and regions; (l) political risks, including the risks of expropriation and renegotiation of the terms of contracts with governmental entities, delays or advancements in the approval of projects and delays in the reimbursement for shared costs; (m) risks associated with the impact of pandemics, regional conflicts, such as the Russia -Ukraine war and the conflict in the Middle East, and a significant cyber security, data privacy or IT incident; (n) the pace of the energy transition; and (o) changes in trading conditions. No assurance is provided that future dividend payments will match or exceed previous dividend payments. All forward-looking statements contained in this presentation are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undu e reliance on forward looking statements. Additional risk factors that may affect future results are contained in Shell plc’s Form 20 -F and amendment thereto for the year ended December 31, 2024 (available at www.shell.com/investors/news-and-filings/sec-filings.html and www.sec.gov). These risk factors also expressly qualify all forward- looking statements contained in this presentation and should be considered by the reader. Each forward -looking statement speaks only as of the date of this presentation, October 30, 2025. Neither Shell plc nor any of its subsidiaries undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or other information. In light of these risks, results could differ materially from those s tated, implied or inferred from the forward -looking statements contained in this presentation. Also, in this presentation we may refer to Shell’s “net carbon intensity” (NCI), which includes Shell’s carbon emissions from the production of our energy products, our suppliers’ carbon emissions in supplying energy for that production and our customers’ carbon emissions associated with their use of the energy products we sell. Shell’s NCI also includes the emissions associated with the production and use of energy products produced by others which Sh ell purchases for resale. Shell only controls its own emissions. The use of the terms Shell’s “net carbon intensity” or NCI is for convenience only and not intended to suggest these emissions are those of Shell plc or its subsidiaries. Shell’s operating plan and outlook are forecasted for a three -year period and ten -year period, respectively, and are updated every year. They reflect the current economic environment and what we can reasonably expect to see over the next three and ten years. Accordingly, the outlook reflects our Scope 1, Scope 2 and NCI targets over the next ten years. However, Shell’s operating plan and outlook cannot reflect our 2050 net -zero emissions target, as this target is outside our planning period. Such future ope rating plans and outlooks could include changes to our portfolio, efficiency improvements and the use of carbon capture and s torage and carbon credits. In the future, as society moves towards net-zero emissions, we expect Shell’s operating plans and outlooks to reflect this movement. However, if society is not net zero in 2050, as of today, there would be significant risk that Shell may not meet this target. This presentation may contain certain forward -looking non-GAAP measures such as capital expenditure and divestments. We are unable to provide a reconciliation of these forward-looking non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures because certain information needed to reconcile those non -GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is dependent on future events some of which are outside the control of Shell, such as oil and gas prices, interest rates and exchange rates. Moreover, estimating such GAAP measures with the required precision necessary to provide a meaningful reconciliation is extremely difficult and could not be accomplished without unreasonable effort. Non -GAAP measures in respect of future periods which cannot be reconciled to the most comparable GAAP financial measure are calculated in a manner which is consistent with the accounting policies applied in Shell plc’s consolidated financial statements. The contents of websites referred to in this presentation do not form part of this presentation. We may have used certain terms, such as resources, in this presentation that the United States Securities and Exchange Commis sion (SEC) strictly prohibits us from including in our filings with the SEC. Investors are urged to consider closely the disclosure in our Form 20-F and any amendment thereto, File No 1 -32575, available on the SEC website www.sec.gov CONTACTS Media: International +44 207 934 5550; U.S. and Canada: Contact form

=== EARNINGS PRESENTATION ===

London, October 30, 2025 Shell plc Chief Executive Officer, Wael Sawan "Shell delivered another strong set of results, with clear progress across our portfolio and excellent performance in our Marketing business and deepwater assets in the Gulf of America and Brazil. Despite continued volatility, our strong delivery this quarter enables us to commence another $3.5 billion of buybacks for the next three months.” OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE DRIVING ANOTHER STRONG SET OF RESULTS • Adjusted Earnings1 of $5.4 billion and CFFO of $12.2 billion, supported by strong operational performance and higher trading and optimisation contributions than in Q2 2025. • Strong operational performance driven by record production in Brazil and 20-year highs in the Gulf of America. Marketing delivered its second-highest quarterly Adjusted Earnings in over a decade. • Commencing another $3.5 billion share buyback programme for the next three months; the 16th consecutive quarter of at least $3 billion in buybacks. • Resilient balance sheet with net debt decreasing to $41.2 billion ($12.6 billion excluding leases). $ million1 Adj. Earnings Adj. EBITDA CFFO Cash capex Integrated Gas 2,143 4,257 3,038 1,169 Upstream 1,804 6,557 4,841 1,885 Marketing 1,316 2,340 1,788 489 Chemicals & Products2 550 1,667 2,088 813 Renewables & Energy Solutions (R&ES) 92 223 660 517 Corporate (383) (272) (208) 34 Less: Non-controlling interest (NCI) 91 Shell Q3 2025 5,432 14,773 12,207 4,907 Q2 2025 4,264 13,313 11,937 5,817 1Income/(loss) attributable to shareholders for Q3 2025 is $5.3 billion. Reconciliation of non-GAAP measures can be found in the unaudited results, available at www.shell.com/investors. 2Chemicals & Products Adjusted Earnings at a subsegment level are as follows - Chemicals $(0.2) billion and Products $0.8 billion.

$ billion Adjusted Earnings - by segment 4.3 0.4 0.1 0.1 0.4 0.1 0.0 5.4 Q2 2025 Integrated Gas Upstream Marketing Chemicals & Products Renewables & Energy Solutions Corporate & NCI Q3 2025 $ billion Cash conversion Q3 2025 5.4 5.9 0.8 2.7 14.8 0.0 (0.1) (2.4) (0.0) 12.2 Adj. Earnings DD&A & well write-offs Interest Tax charge & NCI Adj. EBITDAJV dividendsDerivatives Tax paid & other WC CFFO • CFFO excluding working capital of $ 12.2 billion with tax paid of $2.7 billion. Working capital movements reflect inflows from inventory and price effects being offset by accounts payable / receivable outflows. • Gearing including leases of 18.8%, reflects a 0.4% non-cash increase related to new pension legislation in the Netherlands. $ billion1 Q3 2024 Q4 2024 Q1 2025 Q2 2025 Q3 2025 Working capital 2.7 2.4 (2.7) (0.4) (0.0) Divestment proceeds 0.2 0.8 0.6 (0.0) 1.8 Free cash flow 10.8 8.7 5.3 6.5 10.0 Net debt 35.2 38.8 41.5 43.2 41.2 1 Reconciliation of non-GAAP measures can be found in the unaudited results, available at www.shell.com/investors.

Q3 2025 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE DRIVERS INTEGRATED GAS Key data Q2 2025 Q3 2025 Q4 2025 outlook Realised liquids price ($/bbl) 60 58 — Realised gas price ($/thousand scf) 7.2 7.3 — Production (kboe/d) 913 934 920 - 980 LNG liquefaction volumes (MT) 6.7 7.3 7.4 - 8.0 LNG sales volumes (MT) 17.8 18.9 —

$ billion Adjusted Earnings 1.7 0.2 0.2 (0.1) 0.0 0.0 0.0 2.1 Q2 2025 Prices & marginsVolume & mix OpexDD&A Tax charge Other Q3 2025 $ billion Adjusted EBITDA Q3 2025 2.1 1.6 0.0 0.5 4.3 Adj. Earnings DD&A & well write-offs Interest Tax chargeAdj. EBITDA • Adjusted Earnings were higher than in Q2 2025, reflecting higher volumes and significantly higher trading and optimisation results.

UPSTREAM Realised liquids price ($/bbl) 64 64 — Realised gas price ($/thousand scf) 6.9 6.5 — Liquids production (kboe/d) 1,334 1,399 — Gas production (million scf/d) 2,310 2,513 — Total production (kboe/d) 1,732 1,832 1,770 - 1,970 $ billion Adjusted Earnings 1.7 0.1 0.3 (0.1) 0.1 (0.2) 0.2 (0.3) 1.8 Q2 2025 Prices & marginsVolume & mix Opex Expl. & well write-offs DD&A Tax charge Other Q3 2025 $ billion Adjusted EBITDA Q3 2025 1.8 2.7 0.1 1.9 6.6 Adj. Earnings DD&A & well write-offs Interest Tax chargeAdj. EBITDA

• Adjusted Earnings were higher than in Q2 2025, reflecting higher volumes, partly offset by the rebalancing of participation interests in Brazil.

MARKETING Marketing sales volumes (kb/d) 2,813 2,824 2,500 - 3,000 Mobility (kb/d) 2,044 2,055 — Lubricants (kb/d) 85 88 — Sectors & Decarbonisation (kb/d) 684 681 — $ billion Adjusted Earnings 1.2 0.3 (0.1) (0.0) 0.0 0.0 1.3 Q2 2025MarginsOpex DD&A Tax charge Other Q3 2025 $ billion Adjusted EBITDA Q3 2025 1.3 0.6 0.0 0.4 2.3 Adj. Earnings DD&A Interest Tax chargeAdj. EBITDA • Adjusted Earnings were higher than in Q2 2025, reflecting higher margins and seasonally higher volumes.

CHEMICALS & PRODUCTS Refinery processing intake (kb/d) 1,156 1,176 — Chemicals sales volumes (kT) 2,164 2,147 — Refinery utilisation (%) 94 96 87 - 95 Chemicals manufacturing plant utilisation (%) 72 80 71 - 79 Indicative refining margin (Updated1 $/bbl) 8.9 11.6 — Indicative chemical margin (Updated1 $/t) 166 160 — 1 Oil sands production: In Q4 2025, Shell's remaining interest in the Canadian oil sands is expected to be swapped for an additional 10% interest in the Scotford upgrader and Quest CCS projects. The associated proved synthetic crude reserves at December 31, 2024 were 0.7 billion barrels of which 50% is attributable to non-controlling interest. $ billion Adjusted Earnings 0.1 0.1 0.7 (0.1) (0.0) (0.2) (0.0) 0.6 Q2 2025 Chemicals marginsProducts* margins OpexDD&A Tax charge Other Q3 2025 $ billion Adjusted EBITDA Q3 2025 0.6 0.9 (0.0) 0.3 1.7 Adj. Earnings DD&A Interest Tax chargeAdj. EBITDA * Products covers refining and trading. • Adjusted Earnings were higher than in Q2 2025, reflecting strong refining performance and significantly higher trading and optimisation results.

RENEWABLES & ENERGY SOLUTIONS

Key data Q2 2025 Q3 2025 External power sales (TWh) 70 72 Sales of pipeline gas to end-use customers (TWh) 132 150 Renewables power generation capacity (GW)* 7.6 6.4 – in operation (GW) 3.9 3.8 – under construction and/or committed for sale (GW) 3.8 2.6 *Excludes Shell's equity share of associates where information cannot be obtained.

$ billion Adjusted Earnings (0.0) 0.1 (0.0) 0.0 0.0 (0.0) 0.1 Q2 2025MarginsOpex DD&A Tax charge Other Q3 2025 $ billion Adjusted EBITDA Q3 2025 0.1 0.1 (0.0) 0.0 0.2 Adj. Earnings DD&A Interest Tax chargeAdj. EBITDA Income/(loss) for the period Q3 2025 was $0.1 billion. Reconciliation of non-GAAP measures can be found in the unaudited results, available on www.shell.com/investors. • • Adjusted Earnings were higher than in Q2 2025 with higher trading margins. Renewables and Energy Solutions includes activities such as renewable power generation, the marketing and trading and optimisation of power and pipeline gas, as well as carbon credits, and digitally enabled customer solutions. It also includes the production and marketing of hydrogen, development of commercial carbon capture and storage hubs, investment in nature-based projects that avoid or reduce carbon emissions, and Shell Ventures, which invests in companies that work to accelerate the energy and mobility transformation.

CORPORATE Adjusted Earnings ($ billion) (0.5) (0.4) (0.8) - (0.6) UPCOMING INVESTOR EVENTS February 5, 2026 Fourth quarter 2025 results and dividends May 7, 2026 First quarter 2026 results and dividends July 30, 2026 Second quarter 2026 results and dividends October 29, 2026 Third quarter 2026 results and dividends USEFUL LINKS Results materials Q3 2025 Quarterly Databook Q3 2025 Webcast registration Q3 2025 Dividend announcement Q3 2025 Capital Markets Day 2025 materials Financial Modelling Guidance

ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE (NON-GAAP) MEASURES This announcement includes certain measures that are calculated and presented on the basis of methodologies other than in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) such as IFRS, including Adjusted Earnings, Adjusted EBITDA, CFFO excluding working capital movements, free cash flow, Divestment proceeds and Net debt. This information, along with comparable GAAP measures, is useful to investors because it provides a basis for measuring Shell plc’s operating performance and ability to retire debt and invest in new business opportunities. Shell plc’s management uses these financial measures, along with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, in evaluating the business performance. This announcement may contain certain forward-looking non-GAAP measures such as Adjusted Earnings and divestments. We are unable to provide a reconciliation of these forward-looking non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures because certain information needed to reconcile the non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is dependent on future events some of which are outside the control of the company, such as oil and gas prices, interest rates and exchange rates. Moreover, estimating such GAAP measures with the required precision necessary to provide a meaningful reconciliation is extremely difficult and could not be accomplished without unreasonable effort. Non-GAAP measures in respect of future periods which cannot be reconciled to the most comparable GAAP financial measure are estimated in a manner which is consistent with the accounting policies applied in Shell plc’s consolidated financial statements. CAUTIONARY STATEMENT The companies in which Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this announcement, “Shell”, “Shell Group” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience to reference Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise, the words “we”, “us” and “our” are also used to refer to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them. These terms are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular entity or entities. “Subsidiaries”, “Shell subsidiaries” and “Shell companies” as used in this announcement refer to entities over which Shell plc either directly or indirectly has control. The terms “joint venture”, “joint operations”, “joint arrangements”, and “associates” may also be used to refer to a commercial arrangement in which Shell has a direct or indirect ownership interest with one or more parties. The term “Shell interest” is used for convenience to indicate the direct and/or indirect ownership interest held by Shell in an entity or unincorporated joint arrangement, after exclusion of all third-party interest. This announcement contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) concerning the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of Shell. All statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements concerning the potential exposure of Shell to market risks and statements expressing management’s expectations, beliefs, estimates, forecasts, projections and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”; “ambition”; “anticipate”; “aspire”; “aspiration”; ‘‘believe’’; “commit”; “commitment”; ‘‘could’’; “desire”; ‘‘estimate’’; ‘‘expect’’; ‘‘goals’’; ‘‘intend’’; ‘‘may’’; “milestones”; ‘‘objectives’’; ‘‘outlook’’; ‘‘plan’’; ‘‘probably’’; ‘‘project’’; ‘‘risks’’; “schedule”; ‘‘seek’’; ‘‘should’’; ‘‘target’’; “vision”; ‘‘will’’; “would” and similar terms and phrases. There are a number of factors that could affect the future operations of Shell and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements included in this announcement, including (without limitation): (a) price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas; (b) changes in demand for Shell’s products; (c) currency fluctuations; (d) drilling and production results; (e) reserves estimates; (f) loss of market share and industry competition; (g) environmental and physical risks, including climate change; (h) risks associated with the identification of suitable potential acquisition properties and targets, and successful negotiation and completion of such transactions; (i) the risk of doing business in developing countries and countries subject to international sanctions; (j) legislative, judicial, fiscal and regulatory developments including tariffs and regulatory measures addressing climate change; (k) economic and financial market conditions in various countries and regions; (l) political risks, including the risks of expropriation and renegotiation of the terms of contracts with governmental entities, delays or advancements in the approval of projects and delays in the reimbursement for shared costs; (m) risks associated with the impact of pandemics, regional conflicts, such as the Russia-Ukraine war and the conflict in the Middle East, and a significant cyber security, data privacy or IT incident; (n) the pace of the energy transition; and (o) changes in trading conditions. No assurance is provided that future dividend payments will match or exceed previous dividend payments. All forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Additional risk factors that may affect future results are contained in Shell plc’s Form 20-F and amendment thereto for the year ended December 31, 2024 (available at www.shell.com/investors/news-and-filings/sec-filings.html and www.sec.gov). These risk factors also expressly qualify all forward-looking statements contained in this announcement and should be considered by the reader. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this announcement, October 30, 2025. Neither Shell plc nor any of its subsidiaries undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or other information. In light of these risks, results could differ materially from those stated, implied or inferred from the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement. All amounts shown throughout this announcement are unaudited. The numbers presented throughout this announcement may not sum precisely to the totals provided and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures, due to rounding. Shell’s Net Carbon Intensity Also, in this announcement, we may refer to Shell’s “net carbon intensity” (NCI), which includes Shell’s carbon emissions from the production of our energy products, our suppliers’ carbon emissions in supplying energy for that production and our customers’ carbon emissions associated with their use of the energy products we sell. Shell’s NCI also includes the emissions associated with the production and use of energy products produced by others which Shell purchases for resale. Shell only controls its own emissions. The use of the terms Shell’s “net carbon intensity” or NCI is for convenience only and not intended to suggest these emissions are those of Shell plc or its subsidiaries. Shell’s Net-Zero Emissions Target Shell’s operating plan and outlook are forecasted for a three-year period and ten-year period, respectively, and are updated every year. They reflect the current economic environment and what we can reasonably expect to see over the next three and ten years. Accordingly, the outlook reflects our Scope 1, Scope 2 and NCI targets over the next ten years. However, Shell’s operating plan and outlook cannot reflect our 2050 net-zero emissions target, as this target is outside our planning period. Such future operating plans and outlooks could include changes to our portfolio, efficiency improvements and the use of carbon capture and storage and carbon credits. In the future, as society moves towards net-zero emissions, we expect Shell’s operating plans and outlooks to reflect this movement. However, if society is not net zero in 2050, as of today, there would be significant risk that Shell may not meet this target. The content of websites referred to in this announcement does not form part of this announcement. We may have used certain terms, such as resources, in this announcement that the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) strictly prohibits us from including in our filings with the SEC. Investors are urged to consider closely the disclosure in our Form 20-F and any amendment thereto, File No 1-32575, available on the SEC website www.sec.gov. The financial information presented in this announcement does not constitute statutory accounts within the meaning of section 434(3) of the Companies Act 2006 (the "Act”). Statutory accounts for the year ended December 31, 2024 were published in Shell’s Annual Report and Accounts, a copy of which was delivered to the Registrar of Companies for England and Wales. The auditor’s report on those accounts was unqualified, did not include a reference to any matters to which the auditor drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying the report and did not contain a statement under sections 498(2) or 498(3) of the Act. The information in this announcement does not constitute the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements which are contained in Shell’s third quarter 2025 unaudited results available on www.shell.com/investors. CONTACTS ▪ Media: International +44 207 934 5550; U.S. and Canada: Contact form