Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath with Jefferies.
Suneet Kamath: I wanted to start on Group Life, I guess, for Ramy. We've seen working age mortality trend has been improving, I guess, for a couple of years now. And I'm just wondering if you've done some more work in terms of what's driving that and if you think this trend that we've seen is sustainable. I don't think we can hear the answer, at least I can't.
Ramy Tadros: Yes, sorry. Let me -- hold on a second. Suneet, can you hear me now?
Suneet Kamath: I can.
Ramy Tadros: Okay. Sorry, we had a problem with the mic here. So thank you for the question. And let me just give you maybe a bit of color on the quarter and then give you a sense of how we think about the sustainability of the results. We're very pleased with the results in the quarter. We've got about 2 points of favorable prior quarter development coming through. We did see about another 0.5 point of favorable severity, which can kind of fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. And as you noted, we are also seeing overall favorable working age mortality when you look at the CDC data. Look, there's a lot of different potential drivers for that favorability.
Some include a pull-forward effect from a COVID perspective, some include the impact of GLP-1 drugs, and there are a lot of other pieces that we're researching and looking into, which I'm not going to go through all the details right now. But when you step back and think about what this means for our results, keep a couple of points in mind. One is while we operate in a competitive environment, this is also a market where we particularly can differentiate on factors beyond price. So we talked about the strategy in terms of how we bring our value proposition to our clients, especially those who are looking to do more with fewer.
So life insurance is often bundled with other coverages such as disability and dental and voluntary, and this allows us, from a bundling perspective, to look at overall customer profitability and protect overall margins. And from a specific life perspective, if the favorability that we see does persist and does become credible on these RIS, we would expect some portion of it to flow back into pricing, but that would happen gradually over time. So think of that happening in years, not quarters, if you think about our underwriting ratio. I hope that helps.
Suneet Kamath: Yes, that's helpful. And I guess maybe shifting gears to Japan, it seems like we're seeing a lot more actions by regulators in that country. And I think the secondy issue that you are part of. I think, it's an industry-wide issue. But I'm just curious if you can give us an update on what's going on there and if you're aware of any other reviews by the regulators that could impact Met's franchise there.
Lyndon Oliver: Suneet, it's Lyndon here. So look, this issue, as you described, has impacted several companies across the industry. And we obviously take this matter very seriously. We've conducted a very comprehensive review all across the company. All the seconded employees have returned to their positions, and we've discontinued the practice. And we take lots of steps to kind of work with our customers, our partners and regulators to resolve the issue. And all the details of the review we've undertaken, all the corrective actions that we put in place can be found on our website. We're in conversations with the FSA about lots of different things.
The press release noted we had a reporting order, but all our discussions with the regulators continue to be confidential right now.
John McCallion: Yes. And I think just to add to that, Suneet, I mean, just to reemphasize, it's an industry issue, we're not seeing any impact on our business and results and sales, as you saw in the quarter. So I think, as Lyndon said, which kind of -- we're working through it, where all of us, like the whole industry, are working through addressing this with the regulator. And I think we don't see this as anything with any specific company. It's more just a change in industry practice.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Maybe I'll start with an opposite side of a Japan question. You had quite strong sales there. Can you talk a little bit more about the positive dynamics you're seeing that drove this? And how you're thinking about the rest of the year?
Lyndon Oliver: Yes. It's Lyndon. Let me take that. So look, we did have a very strong quarter. We're very pleased with the performance we've seen in the quarter. Sales are up 22% year-over-year. So let me give you some color about Japan and the rest of Asia. So let's start with Japan. Sales in Japan were up 26% year-over-year, and that's really driven by distribution strength across all of our channels. We've also benefited from very successful product launches in the quarter. We saw life sales grow. That was driven by the yen variable product as well as a U.S. dollar single premium product.
In the A&H products, we launched a new product in the quarter, and A&H sales were actually up 77% year-over-year. So strong performance in the yen A&H portfolio. When we look at annuity sales, they remained steady against what was a very strong comparative in the prior year, but we continue to see some momentum in U.S. dollar single premium products. An important dynamic for the quarter was our mix of business, between yen and dollar products, was close to 50-50, reflecting a very diversified product portfolio. Now going to the rest of Asia, sales there were up 18% year-over-year. And here, Korea was a key driver. Sales growth was up 44%.
And here, too, we saw momentum in our U.S. dollar sales, where we've been able to leverage what we've done in Japan with U.S. dollar product as well as our investment expertise and take it to Korea. And then, we also saw strength in our Korean won product there, and that was driven primarily by the strong macroeconomic environment, particularly the rising equity markets. So we're off to a strong start for the quarter. Now looking ahead, we can expect a little bit of moderation in year-over-year growth rates just given the strong prior year comparatives, but we really expect the momentum we have to continue going into the second quarter.
Ryan Krueger: And on non-medical health, could you give us a little more color on the key drivers that impacted this quarter? And also just how you're thinking about the rest of the year?
Ramy Tadros: Sure, Ryan. It's Ramy here. So if you think about the quarter, 3 kind of drivers I would point to. First is dental, very much performing in line with our expectations. We did observe the seasonally higher dental utilization coming through in the quarter, which does impact the ratio, and we would expect utilization to moderate in the second half of the year, and that's kind of consistent with historical trends. For disability, we did experience higher disability claims. Those were coming from the impact of new state-mandated paid family leave programs. These new programs have a claim pattern with higher upfront claims that tend to normalize.
So here again, we would expect that impact to also moderate in the second half of the year. And then the third factor, which John referenced in his prepared remarks, we did see slightly elevated severity in LTD. And it's important to note that while this was elevated on a year-to-year basis, when we look at it sequentially, it was actually flat over the last 3 quarters. So we don't really see any evidence of a trend here in terms of severity and very much in line with kind of quarterly fluctuations that we would see.
So if you put all of these pieces together, from an aggregate perspective, back to your question, we would expect this ratio to moderate, but look for that moderation in the second half of the year, if you think that coming through our numbers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wes Carmichael with Wells Fargo.
Wesley Carmichael: First question was on RIS spread. I think the core spread declined a little bit sequentially. But you've also brought on a lot of new business from PRT and other products over the past couple of quarters. So any help on how you're thinking about core yield or spread? And how that should trend if there's any uplift from deploying some of that cash or reallocating some assets going forward?
John McCallion: Yes. Thanks for the question. Wes, it's John. So as you mentioned, RIS spreads for the quarter were 119 basis points and down about 5 basis points in total sequentially, but honestly, at the top end of our 100 to 120 basis point guidance range, VII contributed about 24 basis points. So that was essentially flat, which reflected, obviously, our strong private equity performance. And so if you exclude VII, core spreads were 95 basis points. And that 4 basis points of sequential decline was largely in line with expectations we discussed in February. As we had guided, there was -- obviously, we had a large volume of new flows in 4Q, primarily from the PRT mandates.
That created a bit of a headwind in Q1, as we continue to rotate that portion of the -- or a portion of the portfolio. And so as we look ahead into 2Q, we do expect some improvement from lower asset rotations, but we're also operating in an environment where the yield curve remains persistently flat with the short end higher than maybe relative to our outlook expectation of the curve steepening. So that actually puts a bit of a headwind on us. I think taken all together, our expectation for Q2 is that core spreads will remain close to where we are in Q1, maybe slightly above, modest improvement in Q2.
And total spreads will continue to track to our full year range.
Wesley Carmichael: Got it. And second, I guess, Sun Life issued a press release last week that they're settling a class action lawsuit with policyholders. In their release, I guess, they noted that they can seek recourse from MetLife for, I guess, around CAD 200 million on a gross basis. So -- I realize that's small, but just wanted to see if that's something that we should be thinking about as a near-term impact on MetLife.
Michel Khalaf: Wes, it's Michel. Thanks for the question. So I think I believe you're referring to the April 30 press release by Sun Life. The claims made by Sun Life can best be characterized as baseless and misleading. MetLife was not named a defendant in the reference class action suit. And Sun Life has taken no legal action to enforce the alleged indemnity claim against MetLife. As a matter of fact, there are currently no legal proceedings between the parties. We vigorously dispute that we owe Sun Life any indemnity whatsoever for the claims made in the underlying settlement.
And the last thing I would say is that Sun Life and only Sun Life is responsible for its own decisions and actions in this matter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher with Evercore.
Thomas Gallagher: First one, John, the -- did you say $170 million of stat net income in 1Q? And if so, anything in particular that was weighing on that result? And how -- maybe more broadly, how are you feeling about capital generation to start the year overall?
John McCallion: Yes. Tom, yes, on stat capital, I mentioned in the opening remarks, we had about a 4% decline in the quarter. And the largest reason for that is, as I mentioned, dividend seasonality for our U.S. entities. We typically take a larger dividend in the first quarter. And then while dividends from our non-U.S. entities have weighted more heavily towards the remaining quarter. So that's typically been a historical practice for us around capital management throughout the year. I think importantly, nothing has really changed in terms of our capital trajectory or capital generation. I mean, we continue to demonstrate a free cash flow ratio of 65% to 75% and remain confident to do that throughout New Frontier.
Finally, in 2025, we saw an RBC ratio of 379%, well above our 360%. So very much in line with where we've operated over the last several years. And overall, we believe this continues to reflect our strong capital resilience and discipline, and there's nothing really to call out. I mean, you saw some normal, I'd say, level of credit losses in the quarter, a little higher trading losses and just -- kind of just general seasonality of Q1. And you can go back and see that it's pretty consistent with prior quarters.
Thomas Gallagher: Got you. My follow-up is I just want to ask a higher-level strategy question on the investment side. How are you -- what are you thinking about things? And I know you had some reallocations going on with PRT and the like. But if -- I guess starting on your commercial mortgage loan portfolio, I noticed you've been shrinking that a lot. So it looks like you're not originating as much on that side or at least retaining as much on that side. So I take that to mean you're a little more cautious going forward on the CML side. Where are you reallocating? And where are you more bullish? Is it private credit?
Or just a little bit of color on what are you thinking more broadly about where you're looking to allocate new dollars?
John McCallion: Yes. Tom, it's a good point. And I think like with any environment and in the way we approach it is, obviously, we think about relative value, right? And we -- this is why it's so important to have a diversified platform where you have strength and capabilities across a number of asset classes because quite honestly, some asset classes can look more challenging at different times. I'd say just on your point of real estate, we are continuing to see an environment there, where we have seen liquidity and price discovery pick up, and we expect this trend to continue through the year. And it's helped kind of normalize pricing and things like that.
And so there are, I'd say, improving opportunities, but surprisingly, new issuance and new origination spreads are still relatively tight. So we're being selective when it comes to that, and we think that's the best approach in this asset class. To your question about what else are we looking at, I think we have a variety of different capabilities within the private assets. Asset-backed financing probably is one of the places where we're seeing opportunities for risk-adjusted returns that are very strong. But I think within each asset class, we can find it, but maybe at broad themes around sectors, that's probably on a relative scale place that is showing better value.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Hurwitz with Dowling.
Joel Hurwitz: First one on MIM with PineBridge now on board. Can you maybe talk about the outlook for flows or provide some more color on the strong pipeline that you mentioned in your prepared remarks? And then, can you also talk about the ability to leverage some of the international distribution that comes with that acquisition?
John McCallion: Joel, it's John. Look, I'd just start out by saying we're very excited about what's ahead for MetLife Investment Management. This is the first quarter post acquisition. And while it's still early, we're really encouraged by the progress that we've seen across integration, client engagement, pipeline development. From an integration perspective, we really were focused on being quick and deliberate out of the gate. We announced a new MIM leadership team, which took a combination of both firms. We're in process of consolidating key investment platforms to drive operating synergies. And then, we've started out of the gate being focused on being a 1 MIM platform.
And -- that was really -- holistically, that was a strategic rationale for bringing these 2 firms together. And we've been proactive with clients and consultants in terms of our outreach and our vision, talking about these investment capabilities, and the feedback has been consistently positive. We're seeing really some great opportunities for early signs of cross-selling to begin to emerge. And so I think -- I'd just say, overall, the early days have just continued to reinforce the strategic fit of PineBridge. In terms of new pipeline, I'd say it's well diversified. We see some being committed, new commitments. We have opportunities for deploying capital under our existing mandates. We have some late-stage client activity.
So I think, all in all, as you know, with the institutional asset management, it can be inherently lumpy and episodic at times. But I think what we're really excited about the engagement and the momentum that we're seeing is very positive and highly constructive, and we're just seeing those -- these opportunities develop across asset classes and geographies. As you point out, one of the attractive things about PineBridge coming together is they really brought an international non-U.S. footprint to us. About 50% of their AUM is outside the U.S.
So we spend a lot of time with the teams kind of thinking about how we can, as I said earlier, think about those cross-sell opportunities, and we're finding a lot of opportunities out of the gate. So just as we step back, despite this being early integration, and there's some natural, I'd say -- I'll say, early day consolidating situations that occur in terms of flows, we feel very good about the demand that's there for our products, the depth of the pipeline that we're seeing and our ability to continue to generate new net flows.
Joel Hurwitz: Got it. That was very helpful. And maybe, Ramy, can you just talk about what you're seeing from a competitive landscape across the various markets you play in, in the group space? And just any color on sort of the drivers of the top line and group ex participating policies being towards the lower end of your target range?
Ramy Tadros: Thanks, Joel. Maybe let me just hit about -- hit the top line question first. So as we described before, participating policies do impact PFOs, but don't really impact our earnings. So we always like to think about the true measure of top line growth is one that does exclude participating policies. And in this quarter, we saw slightly over 4% growth using that metric. And as the industry leader, continuing to grow at these levels, and if you look at it in absolute terms, we're certainly very pleased with our growth rate here.
And look, while we compete in a competitive environment, we have a value proposition that's resonating in the marketplace and continuing to deliver for our customers, and therefore, deliver for our shareholders. So from a driver's perspective, it's really been hitting on all cylinders this quarter. We have improved persistency. That was broad-based, particularly evident in our dental book. We've also achieved all of that persistency while meeting our expectations in terms of rate actions across the business. Very strong momentum in terms of sales, broad-based across core and voluntary. And we continue to drive our strategy that we talked about at Investor Day from a re-enrollment perspective.
We talked about those twin gaps of a confusion gap and a protection gap and how our ability to bridge them is going to drive better enrollment results, and we're seeing that with double-digit voluntary product growth in our portfolio. So all over, I would say, as the industry leader with clear competitive differentiators, we're very pleased with the top line momentum here.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tracy Benguigui with Wolfe Research.
Tracy Benguigui: I just want to go back to MIM. You mentioned some third-party outflows. Did that come from PineBridge deflections or somewhere else?
John McCallion: Yes. No, I think it's a mix, right? So there were -- we did have some expected post-close activity, I'll call it, early in the quarter. And then also, we had, just as you would typically have, client allocation shifts that are unusual to start the year. So it's a mix of both.
Tracy Benguigui: Got it. And just appreciate an update on your annuity reinsurance flow. How many cedents are you part of that right now?
Ramy Tadros: Tracy, we have, as of this point, 2 partners that we're working closely with on the reinsurance side. And just -- I would just give you a bit more color on that is we're working with partners who appreciate what we can bring to the table in terms of our financial strength, investment capabilities, liquidity and capital flexibility. But I would also say, we are also very selective in terms of who we partner with because we look at the quality of the liabilities being originated, and in particular, we look at the cost of funding for those liabilities.
And so we think these are win-win partnerships and really speaks to the strategy of looking to go after adjacencies, which play to our strength. And -- Michel mentioned that in his opening remarks in terms of retail reinsurance. The other adjacency that we're seeing a lot of tailwinds in is the U.K. funded reinsurance. And on a year-to-date between those 2 pieces, we have $2 billion of inflows here, and these are businesses that were basically started from scratch from Investor Day to sitting here today 18 months later.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pablo Singzon with JPMorgan.
Pablo Singzon: First, could you comment about your outlook for EMEA? Earnings were above the quarterly run rate you had provided before. And operations that don't seem to be affected by what's going on in the Middle East. So I'm just curious how you're seeing the rest of the year unfold there.
John McCallion: Just to make sure, Pablo, you said EMEA. Is that what you said?
Pablo Singzon: Yes, that's correct, John. Just earnings being stronger and operations not being affected by the conflict in the Middle East?
Michel Khalaf: Pablo, it's Michel again. So yes, we're really, really pleased with EMEA's performance. And I would say that's been building over a couple of years now, where strong sales growth is translating into PFO growth and earnings growth as well. I think that's also reflective of the highly efficient structure that we have in EMEA, especially in Europe. With regard to the situation in the Middle East, just to give you a sense of EMEA's earnings, about 2/3 come from Europe, 1/3 from the rest of the region. And about 50% of that 1/3 comes from Turkey and Egypt. So clearly, we've been keeping a close eye on what's happening in the region.
Our first order priority is the safety and well-being of our associates there. So far, we have not seen any impact. And I think EMEA's performance in the quarter is -- provides evidence of that. And we think that, provided the situation stabilizes from here, we're not going to see any impact. And if we do, they're not going to be material to EMEA overall and certainly not to MetLife's overall results as well.
John McCallion: And I would just add, Pablo, just in terms of outlook, we probably -- obviously, this is a very strong quarter. I wouldn't consider this to be a run rate where we had a $90 million to $100 million quarterly run rate as part of the outlook. And we're probably trending towards the middle to upper end of that range is where we -- going forward.
Pablo Singzon: That's clear. And then my second question, disability, maybe for Ramy again. Do you think the trends you've seen so far, right? You called out severity, paid families, would those require repricing beyond normal course? And I guess, how do you frame how you might be positioning the book today versus the past several years when results for the industry were just very strong?
Lyndon Oliver: Yes. Well, just in terms of our overall approach for pricing here, we have the ability to reprice about 50% of the book every year in terms of our disability book. And that's driven by a combination of would be client-specific experience as well as our outlook. I would say from an LTD perspective, what we've seen from a 1 quarter of severity this quarter, and I talked about this being flattish over the last 3 quarters, we're not seeing any evidence that would say -- would merit an overall repricing of the book.
Outside of the severity that we talked about, the performance is very much in line with our expectations, be it in terms of incidence or closure or recovery rates. So we feel pretty good about where the book sits today, but we'll continue to monitor this and clearly reflect an individual customer by customer experience. And then for the paid family medical leave, I talked about the nature of the product. I think of it as an expanded STD product, and I talked about the front-end nature of those claims. Clearly, as we get a more credible experience as we get into the outer quarters, we will look at repricing actions as needed.
But the front-end nature of this isn't a surprise to us. It's -- this is how these plans effectively work. And again, I'll come back to the fact that we can reprice about 50% of this business every year. So think of this as a BAU in terms of hitting our target margins and our pricing actions.
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions today. I will now turn the call back to John Hall for closing remarks.
John Hall: Thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.
Read NextAug 7, 2026 •By Motley Fool TranscribingWFCF Q2 2026 Earnings Call TranscriptAug 7, 2026 •By Motley Fool TranscribingINmune Bio (INMB) Q2 2026 Earnings Call TranscriptAug 7, 2026 •By Motley Fool TranscribingHelix Energy (HLX) Q2 2026 Earnings Call TranscriptAug 6, 2026 •By Motley Fool TranscribingBKV (BKV) Q2 2026 Earnings Call TranscriptAug 6, 2026 •By Motley Fool TranscribingEnerflex (EFXT) Q2 2026 Earnings Call TranscriptAug 6, 2026 •By Motley Fool TranscribingLifeStance (LFST) Q2 2026 Earnings Call TranscriptThis article is a transcript of this conference call produced for The Motley Fool. While we strive for our Foolish Best, there may be errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in this transcript. Parts of this article were created using Large Language Models (LLMs) based on The Motley Fool's insights and investing approach. It has been reviewed by our AI quality control systems. Since LLMs cannot (currently) own stocks, it has no positions in any of the stocks mentioned. As with all our articles, The Motley Fool does not assume any responsibility for your use of this content, and we strongly encourage you to do your own research, including listening to the call yourself and reading the company's SEC filings. Please see our Terms and Conditions for additional details, including our Obligatory Capitalized Disclaimers of Liability.
The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Stocks MentionedMetLifeNYSE: MET$99.95(+3.83%)+$3.69Motley Fool Stock Advisor’s Latest PickGet Access