Kraft Heinz (KHC) Q4 2024 Earnings Call Transcript
Feb 12, 2025, 9:00 a.m. ET

Source: The Motley Fool
https://www.fool.com/earnings/call-transcripts/2025/02/12/kraft-heinz-khc-q4-2024-earnings-call-transcript/

KHC earnings call for the period ending December 31, 2024.

PREPARED REMARKS:

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to The Kraft Heinz Company Quarter 4 2024 earnings. [Operator instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce Anne-Marie Megela. Thank you. Anne, you may begin.

Anne-Marie Megela -- Head of Global Investor Relations

Thank you, and hello, everyone. During today's call, we may make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future, including items related to our business plans and expectations, strategy, efforts and investments, and related timing and expected impacts. These statements are based on how we see things today, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please see the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in today's earnings release, which accompanies this call as well as our most recent 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K filings for more information regarding these risks and uncertainties.

Additionally, we may refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude certain items from our financial results reported in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to today's earnings release and the non-GAAP information available on our website at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com under News and Events, for a discussion of our non-GAAP financial measures reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures. I will now hand it over to our chief executive officer, Carlos Abrams-Rivera, for opening comments. Carlos, over to you.

Carlos Abrams-Rivera -- Chief Executive Officer

Well, thank you, Anne-Marie, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. I want to thank the Kraft Heinz team for their hard work and dedication this past year. Even though it was a tough year, we stayed focused on building for the future and improving profit margins while boosting the free cash flow. We do know that economic landscape is rough, but we are proud that we returned $2.7 billion to our stockholders through share buybacks and dividends, which provide the highest yield in the food industry.

Looking ahead to 2025, we are seeing key successes that aren't yet showing up in our financials and we are expecting to see improving top line throughout the year while preserving profitability. Frankly, I'm proud of the progress the teams are driving and confident that our strategy will yield long-term returns to our shareholders. Now with that, today, I have Andre joining me. So let's open for the call for the Q&A.

QUESTIONS & ANSWERS:

Operator

Great. Thank you. [Operator instructions] And our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.

Andrew Lazar -- Analyst

Great. Thank you so much. Carlos, you mentioned a number of times in the prepared remarks, the plan to be disciplined in how you approach reinvestment this year, specifically calling out your expectation for some gross margin expansion and flat price in 2025, despite the stated plan to invest in price in some key areas. I guess, what I'm hearing most from investors this morning is that they're really wondering if this outlook provides enough room to do what's needed this year to get the key brands back into volume growth? So I guess, my question is sort of what gives you the confidence that this plan is accounting for an adequate level of investment given current market share trends? Thanks so much.

Carlos Abrams-Rivera -- Chief Executive Officer

Thanks, Andrew. I think, first of all, I guess, let me put into context of the margin expansion. If you think about 2024, we increased our margin by 100 bps. When you look at the way we're seeing 2025, it's somewhere between flat to 20 bps.

So while, yes, an expansion certainly is most reduced than we have had in the past. And if I think about now, our plan and what gives me comfort, let me just highlight a couple of things. First, if you think about our growth pillars, we actually have a head start going into this year and let me break it down in each of the growth pillars. In Away From Home, 75% of new customer wins are already locked in.

That's about 40% of a year-over-year incremental growth in our Away From Home business. Now in Emerging Markets, we are building on the 17% distribution increase with new 40,000 additional points planned in 2025 that we have already mapped out and making sure that our teams are clear where they're going to be able to secure those. And then frankly, in North America Retail and the rest of the business, what you see is that 75% of the 2025 innovation pipeline is already locked in. And on top of that, we also are leveraging our Brand Growth System that we that we have proven through the pilots did in 2024.

So in each of our pillars, we have things going on really into 2025 that is about us continuing versus completely something new. And at the same time, and you mentioned this in your question, we are investing in certain places, we are we are investing in price, investing in product and we are investing in marketing. We're making sure we're prioritizing those brands that we know that we can benefit from having the Brand Growth System insights. We are investing in technology-led solutions that are actually helping us drive the efficiencies that lead to improved margins.

And then lastly, we continue ship more marketing dollars toward consumer facing marketing as we go into 2025. So again, that's the way I kind of see it is it gives an opportunity for us to expand in a modest way of margins, but at the same time, coming into the year with things that we have built in 2024 that now we can still see reaping benefits in 2025 as long with investments specifically in price, products and marketing.

Andre Maciel -- Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

I'll just add to that. Good morning, Andrew. So I will add to that when we think about our top-line improvement, as Carlos said, it does not only come from price. It comes also from lapping some of the challenges we faced last year and also comes from other product enhancements that we have been deploying since the second half of last year.

When I think about the gross margin, we do expect another year of efficiencies higher than inflation. And we are going to price the inflation linked to commodity categories, coffee being an example, like we have done historically. So there is some price embedded into the plan in commodities and Emerging Markets. So the combination of efficiencies ahead of inflation, price in Emerging Markets and commodities give us some room to be investing more in price or trades in the places where it makes the most sense.

[Continued Q&A section with additional questions from other analysts...]

CALL PARTICIPANTS:
- Anne-Marie Megela -- Head of Global Investor Relations
- Carlos Abrams-Rivera -- Chief Executive Officer
- Andre Maciel -- Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
- Multiple Analysts from Barclays, Bank of America, Mizuho Securities, J.P. Morgan, Goldman Sachs, Citi, Piper Sandler, Wells Fargo, Bernstein

End of Transcript
