SOURCE: https://www.insidermonkey.com/blog/eli-lilly-and-company-nyselly-q3-2025-earnings-call-transcript-1638631/
(Insider Monkey - Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE: LLY) Q3 2025 Earnings Call Transcript, published October 30, 2025)

Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE: LLY) Q3 2025 Earnings Call Transcript October 30, 2025

Eli Lilly and Company beats earnings expectations. Reported EPS is $7.02, expectations were $5.69.

Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Lilly Q3 2025 Earnings Conference Call. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mike Czapar, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Mike Czapar: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Eli Lilly Company's Q3 2025 Earnings Call. I'm Mike Czapar, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me on today's call are Dave Ricks, Lilly's Chair and CEO; Lucas Montarce, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Dan Skovronsky, Chief Scientific Officer and President of Lilly Immunology; Anne White, President of Lilly Neuroscience; Ilya Yuffa, President of Lilly USA and Global Customer Capabilities; Jake Van Naarden, President of Lilly Oncology; Patrik Jonsson, President of Lilly International; and Ken Custer, President of Lilly Cardiometabolic Health. During this call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations.

David Ricks: Q3 was another strong quarter for Lilly. We made progress across all our strategic deliverables. We delivered compelling financial results, advanced our pipeline and achieved key milestones to expand our manufacturing footprint. In Q3, revenue grew 54% compared to the same period last year. Revenue from key products more than doubled as our medicines continued to increase their global impact. In the U.S., Lilly gained market share in the incretin analogs market for the fifth consecutive quarter. Lilly medicines account for nearly 6 out of 10 prescriptions within this large and growing class. Outside the U.S. Mounjaro performance accelerated, driven by robust uptake around the world.

As a result of our strong financial performance, we raised our revenue and earnings per share guidance. Since our last earnings call, we achieved several key milestones, including U.S. FDA approval for imlunestrant under the brand name Inluriyo for ER+, HER2-, ESR1-mutated advanced or metastatic breast cancer. The EU approved Kisunla for early symptomatic Alzheimer's disease. Positive results from Phase III trial of Jaypirca in treatment of naive CLL. Positive overall survival data for Verzenio in high-risk early breast cancer. Positive results from the second Phase III trial of orforglipron in obesity, enabling now global submissions to begin later this year. Positive results from 3 additional Phase III trials of orforglipron in type 2 diabetes, including 1 trial that demonstrated head-to-head superiority versus oral semaglutide.

We also made good progress executing our manufacturing expansion agenda. We announced plans to build 2 new U.S. facilities that will make active pharmaceutical ingredients and the expansion of an existing facility in Puerto Rico. During the quarter, we distributed $1.3 billion in dividends and executed approximately $700 million in share repurchases.

Lucas Montarce: Q3 was another strong quarter of financial performance. Revenue grew 54% compared to Q3 2024, driven by our key products. Gross margin as a percentage of revenue was 83.6% in Q3, an increase of 1.4 percentage points versus the same quarter last year. This improvement was driven by favorable product mix, partially offset by lower realized prices. Research and development expenses increased 27% driven by continued investments in our portfolio. We have initiated 16 new Phase III programs since the start of 2024. Marketing, selling and administrative expenses increased 31% as we continue to increase investment to support ongoing and future launches.

Our non-GAAP performance margin, which we define as gross margin less R&D, marketing, selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue, was 48.3%. Performance margin increased by more than 8 percentage points from Q3 2024, driven by revenue growth. At the bottom line, earnings per share increased to $7.02 inclusive of $0.71 of acquired IPR&D charges. This compares to $1.18 in Q3 2024, which included $3.08 of acquired IPR&D charges.

U.S. revenue increased 45% in Q3, driven by strong volume growth of Zepbound and Mounjaro partially offset by a 15% decline in price. Price was negatively impacted by a favorable one-time adjustment to estimates for rebates and discounts in Q3 2024. Excluding this base period effect, U.S. price declined by high single digits. In Europe, revenue increased by over 100% in constant currency, reflecting the strong uptake of Mounjaro. Revenue was positively impacted by a $380 million one-time benefit related to a milestone payment and business development. Excluding this impact, revenue grew 81% in constant currency. Japan, China and Rest of the World delivered constant currency revenue growth of 24%, 22% and 51%, respectively, driven by Mounjaro volume growth.

Key products accounted for $12 billion of revenue within the quarter. EBGLYSS delivered strong performance in atopic dermatitis as U.S. total prescriptions increased by 41% compared to Q2 2025. Omvoh continued a steady uptake. Jaypirca continued to build momentum both in the marketplace and with new data from Phase III trials. Verzenio remains the market leader in the U.S. for the node-positive, high risk early breast cancer population; U.S. prescriptions grew by 3% compared to Q3 2024 and international volume grew by 14%. Kisunla total prescriptions grew by 50% compared to Q2 2025.

Zepbound and Mounjaro both posted strong global performance. Mounjaro has now launched in 55 countries and all major markets, gaining significant share in most major markets. While obesity reimbursement remains limited internationally, approximately 75% of Mounjaro revenue outside the U.S. is coming from people with obesity paying out of pocket. In the U.S., Zepbound prescriptions tripled in Q3 2025 compared to the same period last year.

[Remainder of transcript (continued prepared remarks on pipeline, full guidance detail, and the analyst Q&A session) omitted for brevity; full transcript available at the SOURCE URL above.]
