=== PRESS RELEASE ===

The Home Depot Announces Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 Results; Reaffirms Fiscal 2025 Guidance

ATLANTA, August 19, 2025 -- The Home Depot®, the world's largest home improvement retailer, today reported sales of $45.3 billion for the second quarter of fiscal 2025, an increase of $2.1 billion, or 4.9% from the second quarter of fiscal 2024. Comparable sales for the second quarter of fiscal 2025 increased 1.0%, and comparable sales in the U.S. increased 1.4%. For the second quarter of fiscal 2025, foreign exchange rates negatively impacted total company comparable sales by approximately 40 basis points.

Net earnings for the second quarter of fiscal 2025 were $4.6 billion, or $4.58 per diluted share, compared with net earnings of $4.6 billion, or $4.60 per diluted share, in the same period of fiscal 2024.

Adjusted(1) diluted earnings per share for the second quarter of fiscal 2025 were $4.68, compared with adjusted diluted earnings per share of $4.67 in the same period of fiscal 2024.

“Our second quarter results were in line with our expectations. The momentum that began in the back half of last year continued throughout the first half as customers engaged more broadly in smaller home improvement projects,” said Ted Decker, chair, president and CEO. “Our teams are executing at a high level and we continue to grow market share. I would like to thank our associates for their continued hard work and dedication.”

Fiscal 2025 Guidance The company reaffirms its guidance for fiscal 2025, a 52-week year compared to fiscal 2024, a 53-week year.

• Total sales growth of approximately 2.8% • Comparable sales growth of approximately 1.0% for the comparable 52-week period • Approximately 13 new stores • Gross margin of approximately 33.4% • Operating margin of approximately 13.0% • Adjusted(1) operating margin of approximately 13.4% • Tax rate of approximately 24.5% • Net interest expense of approximately $2.2 billion

(1) The Company reports its financial results in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). As used in this earnings release, adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, and adjusted diluted earnings per share are non-GAAP financial measures. Refer to the end of this release for an explanation of these non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.

• Diluted earnings-per-share to decline approximately 3% from $14.91 in fiscal 2024 • Adjusted(1) diluted earnings-per-share to decline approximately 2% from $15.24 in fiscal • Capital expenditures of approximately 2.5% of total sales

The Home Depot will conduct a conference call today at 9 a.m. ET to discuss information included in this news release and related matters. The conference call will be available in its entirety through a webcast and replay at ir.homedepot.com/events-and-presentations.

At the end of the second quarter, the company operated a total of 2,353 retail stores and over 800 branches across all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 10 Canadian provinces and Mexico. The Company employs over 470,000 associates. The Home Depot's stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: HD) and is included in the Dow Jones industrial average and Standard & Poor's 500 index.

###

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements contained herein constitute "forward -looking statements" under the federal securities laws, including as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on currently available information and our current assumptions, expectations and projections about future events, and use words such as “may,” “will,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “project,” “plan,” “believe,” “expect,” “target,” "prospects,” “potential,” "commit” and "forecast,” or words of similar import or meaning or refer to future time periods. Forward-looking statements may relate to, among other things, the demand for our products and services, including as a result of macroeconomic conditions and changing customer preferences and expectations; net sales growth; comparable sales; the effects of competition; our brand and reputation; implementation of interconnected retail, store, supply chain, technology innovation and other strategic initiatives, including with respect to real estate; inventory and in -stock positions; the state of the economy; the state of the housing and home improvement markets; the state of the credit markets, including mortgages, home equity loans, and consumer and trade credit; the impact of tariffs, trade policy changes or restrictions, or international trade disputes and efforts and ability to continue to diversify our supply chain; issues related to the payment methods we accept; demand for credit offerings including trade credit; management of relationships with our associates, jobseekers, suppliers and service providers; cost and availability of labor; costs of fuel and other energy sources; events that could disrupt our business, supply chain, technology infrastructure, or demand for our products and services, such as tariffs, trade policy changes or restrictions or international trade disputes, natural disasters, climate change, public health issues, cybersecurity events, labor disputes, geopolitical conflicts, military conflicts, or acts of war; our ability to maintain a safe and secure store environment; our ability to address expectations regarding sustainability and human capital management matters and meet related goals; continuation or suspension of share repurchases; net earnings performance; earnings per share; future dividends; capital allocation and expenditures; liquidity; return on invested capital; expense leverage; changes in interest rates; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; commodity or other price inflation and deflation; our ability to issue debt on terms and at rates acceptable to us; the impact and expected outcome of investigations, inquiries, claims, and litigation, including compliance with related settlements; the challenges of operating in international markets; the adequacy of insurance coverage; the effect of accounting charges; the effect of adopting certain accounting standards; the impact of legal and regulatory changes, including executive orders and other administrative or legislative actions, such as changes to tax laws and regulations; store openings and closures; guidance for fiscal 2025 and beyond; financial outlook; the status of the pending acquisition of GMS Inc.; and the impact of acquired companies, including SRS, on our organization and the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of any completed or pending acquisitions.

These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to future events, risks and uncertainties – many of which are beyond our control, dependent on the actions of third parties, or currently unknown to us – as well as potentially inaccurate assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our expectations and projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors," and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10 -K for our fiscal year ended February 2, 2025 and also as described from time to time in reports subsequently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. There also may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described herein, generally because we do not currently perceive them to be material. Such factors could cause results to differ materially from our expectations. Forward -looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake to update these statements other than as required by law. You are advised, however, to review any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in our other public statements.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures These statements are also supplemented with certain non-GAAP financial measures. When used in conjunction with our GAAP financial measures, we believe these supplemental non -GAAP financial measures will help management and investors to better understand and analyze our performance. However, this supplemental information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP measures. Refer to the end of this release for an

explanation and definitions of these non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.

For more information, contact:

Financial Community News Media Isabel Janci Sara Gorman Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Senior Director of Corporate Communications 770-384-2666 770-384-2852 isabel_janci@homedepot.com sara_gorman@homedepot.com

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Six Months Ended in millions, except per share data August 3, July 28, 2024 % Change August 3, July 28, 2024 % Change Net sales $ 45,277 $ 43,175 4.9 % $ 85,133 $ 79,593 7.0 % Cost of sales 30,152 28,759 4.8 56,549 52,744 7.2 Gross profit 15,125 14,416 4.9 28,584 26,849 6.5 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative 7,764 7,144 8.7 15,294 13,811 10.7 Depreciation and amortization 806 738 9.2 1,602 1,425 12.4 Total operating expenses 8,570 7,882 8.7 16,896 15,236 10.9 Operating income 6,555 6,534 0.3 11,688 11,613 0.6 Interest and other (income) expense: Interest income and other, net (25) (84) (70.2) (49) (141) (65.2) Interest expense 575 573 0.3 1,190 1,058 12.5 Interest and other, net 550 489 12.5 1,141 917 24.4 Earnings before provision for income taxes 6,005 6,045 (0.7) 10,547 10,696 (1.4) Provision for income taxes 1,454 1,484 (2.0) 2,563 2,535 1.1 Net earnings $ 4,551 $ 4,561 (0.2) % $ 7,984 $ 8,161 (2.2) % Basic weighted average common shares 992 990 0.2 % 992 989 0.3 % Basic earnings per share $ 4.59 $ 4.61 (0.4) $ 8.05 $ 8.25 (2.4) Diluted weighted average common shares 994 992 0.2 % 994 992 0.2 % Diluted earnings per share $ 4.58 $ 4.60 (0.4) $ 8.03 $ 8.23 (2.4) Three Months Ended Six Months Ended Selected sales data: August 3, July 28, 2024 % Change August 3, July 28, 2024 % Change Comparable sales (% change) 1.0 % (3.3) % N/A 0.4 % (3.1) % N/A Comparable customer transactions (% change) (1) (0.4) % (2.2) % N/A (0.5) % (1.9) % N/A Comparable average ticket (% change) (1) 1.4 % (1.3) % N/A 0.7 % (1.3) % N/A Customer transactions (in millions) (1) 446.8 451.0 (0.9) % 841.6 837.8 0.5 % Average ticket (1) $ 90.01 $ 88.90 1.2 $ 90.34 $ 89.72 0.7 ————— (1) Customer transactions and average ticket measures do not include results from HD Supply or SRS.

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) in millions August 3, July 28, February 2, Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 2,804 $ 1,613 $ 1,659 Receivables, net 5,878 5,503 4,903 Merchandise inventories 24,843 23,060 23,451 Other current assets 1,866 2,097 1,670 Total current assets 35,391 32,273 31,683 Net property and equipment 26,896 26,640 26,702 Operating lease right-of-use assets 8,662 8,613 8,592 Goodwill 19,619 19,414 19,475 Intangible assets, net 8,770 9,214 8,983 Other assets 711 692 684 Total assets $ 100,049 $ 96,846 $ 96,119 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Short-term debt $ — $ 2,527 $ 316 Accounts payable 13,086 13,206 11,938 Accrued salaries and related expenses 2,385 2,105 2,315 Current installments of long-term debt 6,400 1,339 4,582 Current operating lease liabilities 1,336 1,242 1,274 Other current liabilities 7,639 7,704 8,236 Total current liabilities 30,846 28,123 28,661 Long-term debt, excluding current installments 45,917 51,869 48,485 Long-term operating lease liabilities 7,668 7,635 7,633 Other long-term liabilities 4,953 4,799 4,700 Total liabilities 89,384 92,426 89,479 Total stockholders’ equity 10,665 4,420 6,640 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 100,049 $ 96,846 $ 96,119

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) Six Months Ended in millions August 3, July 28, Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net earnings $ 7,984 $ 8,161 Reconciliation of net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization, excluding amortization of intangible assets 1,720 1,615 Intangible asset amortization 278 142 Stock-based compensation expense 288 222 Changes in working capital (1,821) 667 Changes in deferred income taxes 490 159 Other operating activities 29 (60) Net cash provided by operating activities 8,968 10,906 Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Capital expenditures (1,723) (1,566) Payments for businesses acquired, net (233) (17,570) Other investing activities 64 38 Net cash used in investing activities (1,892) (19,098) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: (Repayments of) proceeds from short-term debt, net (316) 2,527 Proceeds from long-term debt, net of discounts 76 9,952 Repayments of long-term debt (1,199) (1,255) Repurchases of common stock — (649) Proceeds from sales of common stock 163 210 Cash dividends (4,574) (4,460) Other financing activities (130) (212) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (5,980) 6,113 Change in cash and cash equivalents 1,096 (2,079) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 49 (68) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 1,659 3,760 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 2,804 $ 1,613

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES Adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin (calculated as adjusted operating income divided by total net sales), and adjusted diluted earnings per share are presented as supplemental financial measures in the evaluation of our business that are not required by or presented in accordance with GAAP. The Company excludes the impact of amortization expense from acquired intangible assets from adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin, and the impact of amortization expense from acquired intangible assets, including the related tax effects, from adjusted diluted earnings per share. We do not adjust for the revenue that is generated in part from the use of our acquired intangible assets. Amortization expense, unlike the related revenue, is not affected by operations in any particular period unless an intangible asset becomes impaired, or the useful life of an intangible asset is revised. When used in conjunction with our GAAP results, we believe these non-GAAP measures provide investors with meaningful supplemental measures of our performance period to period, make it easier for investors to compare our underlying business performance to peers, and align to how management analyzes trends and evaluates performance internally. The Company provides non-GAAP financial information on this basis to facilitate comparability when we report earnings results. These non-GAAP measures should not be a substitute for their comparable GAAP financial measures. Investors should rely primarily on our GAAP results and use non-GAAP financial measures only supplementally in making investment decisions. Our calculation of non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies and other companies may not define these non-GAAP financial measures in the same way, which may limit their usefulness as comparative measures. RECONCILIATION OF ADJUSTED OPERATING INCOME AND ADJUSTED OPERATING MARGIN Three Months Ended Six Months Ended USD in millions August 3, July 28, % Change August 3, July 28, % Change Operating income (GAAP) $ 6,555 $ 6,534 0.3 % $ 11,688 $ 11,613 0.6 % Operating margin (1) 14.5 % 15.1 % 13.7 % 14.6 % Acquired intangible asset amortization (2) 139 90 278 142 Adjusted operating income (Non-GAAP) $ 6,694 $ 6,624 1.1 % $ 11,966 $ 11,755 1.8 % Adjusted operating margin (Non-GAAP) (3) 14.8 % 15.3 % 14.1 % 14.8 % ————— (1) Operating margin is calculated as operating income divided by total net sales. (2) Amounts include acquired intangible asset amortization of $87 million and $174 million during the three and six months ended August 3, 2025, respectively, and $39 million during the three and six months ended July 28, 2024 related to SRS which was acquired on June 18, 2024. (3) Adjusted operating margin is calculated as adjusted operating income divided by total net sales. Our adjusted operating margin guidance for fiscal 2025 excludes an expected approximately 40 basis point impact from acquired intangible asset amortization. RECONCILIATION OF ADJUSTED DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE Three Months Ended Six Months Ended per share amounts August 3, July 28, % Change August 3, July 28, % Change Diluted earnings per share (GAAP) $ 4.58 $ 4.60 (0.4) % $ 8.03 $ 8.23 (2.4) % Impact of acquired intangible asset amortization 0.14 0.09 0.28 0.14 Income tax impact of non-GAAP adjustment (1) (0.04) (0.02) (0.07) (0.03) Adjusted diluted earnings per share (Non-GAAP) $ 4.68 $ 4.67 0.2 % $ 8.24 $ 8.34 (1.2) % ————— (1) Calculated as the per share impact of acquired intangible asset amortization multiplied by the Company’s ef fective tax rate for the period. Our adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance for fiscal 2025 excludes an expected after-tax impact of approximately $0.40 from acquired intangible asset amortization.

=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

Home Depot (HD) - Q2 2025 earnings call transcript Operator: At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Isabel Janci. Please go ahead. Isabel Janci: Thank you, Christine, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to The Home Depot, Inc.'s Second Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. Joining us on our call today are Ted Decker, Chair, President and CEO; Ann-Marie Campbell, Senior Executive Vice President; Billy Bastek, Executive Vice President of Merchandising; and Richard McPhail, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Oﬃcer. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call Investor Relations at (770) 384-2387. Before I turn the call over to Ted, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws, including as dened in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to diﬀer materially from our expectations and projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the factors identied in the release, in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, and in our other lings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentation will also include certain non-GAAP measures, including but not limited to adjusted operating margins, adjusted diluted earnings per share, and return on invested capital. For a reconciliation of these and other non-GAAP measures to the corresponding GAAP measures, please refer to our earnings press release and our website. Now let me turn the call over to Ted. Ted Decker: Thank you, Isabel, and good morning, everyone. Sales for the second quarter were $45.3 billion, up 4.9% from the same period last year. Comp sales increased 1% from the same period last year, and comps in the U.S. increased 1.4%. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $4.68 in the second quarter, compared to $4.67 in the second quarter last year. In local currency, Canada and Mexico posted positive comps. Our second quarter results were in line with our expectations. The momentum that began in the back half of last year continued throughout the rst half as we saw our customers engage more broadly in smaller home improvement projects. In fact, the performance across the business was the strongest we've seen in over two years. Our results are a testament to our focus on enhancing the customer experience as we invest in our strategic initiatives. Technology investments to drive productivity, the capabilities we are building with our Pro ecosystem to better serve complex purchases, and faster delivery for all of our customers are growing market share with these initiatives. Just over a year ago, we completed the acquisition of SRS. This strategic acquisition was important for several reasons. It gave us a right to win with a specialty trade pro, enhanced development of our pro ecosystem, and provided a number of cross-selling opportunities. Over the past year, SRS has exceeded our expectations, driving market-leading growth, accelerating our organic ecosystem eﬀorts, and driving revenue synergies. We could not be more pleased with their performance. As we announced in June, we are excited about the pending acquisition of GMS, a leading distributor of specialty building products, including drywall, ceilings, and steel framing, related to remodeling and construction projects. This acquisition will add a highly complementary adjacent vertical to SRS's business, diﬀerentiated capabilities, product categories, and customer relationships. It will also broaden SRS's distribution footprint across the U.S. and Canada.

In fact, SRS will now have a network of more than 1,200 locations, a sales operation of over 3,500 associates, and a eet of nearly 8,000 trucks capable of making tens of thousands of job site deliveries per day. Additionally, GMS will be additive to our organic eﬀorts to better serve pros working on complex projects, enabling us to oﬀer a deeper and broader assortment of interior building products and services, as well as additional fulllment options. Despite the uncertainty and volatility in the market, we are condent that we can eﬀectively navigate this environment. Over the last several years, our teams have done an incredible job partnering with our vendors to diversify product sourcing, which gives us unique exibility in our supply chain. We will continue to work with our vendors to ensure that we have the right products at the right value in stock and on the shelf for our customers to purchase. I could not be more excited about the incredible opportunities in front of us to continue growing share with all our customers. Our store associates, merchants, supply chain teams, and vendor partners are executing at a high level, and I would like to thank them for all that they do. With that, let me turn the call over to Ann. Ann-Marie Campbell: Thanks, Ted, and good morning, everyone. Our associates did an incredible job delivering exceptional customer service, and I'd also like to thank them for all that they do. We know that when we enable our associates to focus on serving the customer, we grow sales. And over the last several years, we've been investing in a multitude of initiatives across our operations that not only allow our associates to more eﬀectively serve customers but also drive productivity in our operations. From optimizing freight ow through a proprietary freight ow application, to ensuring we have the right products in stock and on the shelf for our customers, to enhancing how we pick and stage online orders, we are excited about the progress we're making and the results we are seeing. Our stores continue to be the center of the ecosystem and critical hubs for the customer shopping experience. Last year, we made technology improvements across our stores and DFCs to better leverage all of our assets, enabling faster delivery of online orders. We have continued to improve delivery times, and we now have the fastest delivery speeds across the greatest number of products in company history, both same day and next day. We're seeing a double-digit lift in spend with customers who utilize our faster delivery options as they return more frequently to shop in stores and online. This is all a result of our eﬀorts to ship from the best location, which uses machine learning models to determine the optimal delivery mode to maximize speed and eﬃciency. To support this incremental demand, we have added more order fulllment associates, or OFAs, in our stores. Through enhancements to our HD phone, we are now able to strategically direct them to more eﬀectively manage online orders. For example, this quarter, we rolled out an enhanced app that prioritizes orders and enables batch picking of several orders at once. Having dedicated associates for these orders, coupled with powerful technology in their hands, ensures that orders are eﬃciently and accurately picked, driving faster fulllment times and higher customer satisfaction. As we've mentioned in the past, we continue to focus on our pro ecosystem, maturing the new capabilities we have built for pros working on complex projects. We are thrilled with the progress we've made across expanded assortments, fulllment options, our sales teams, account management, and more recently, trade credit and order management. As you know, we've been leveraging SRS to continue to ramp up our trade credit capabilities. Today, we have several thousand pros with a trade credit account, and we've seen a double-digit lift in their spend across channels once these pros started using their trade credit. While we continue to roll this out more broadly, we are also focused on ensuring connectivity through diﬀerent sales channels, including our B2B website and our stores. For example, we want our pros to be able to transact with our stores seamlessly, including checking and using the available credit on their account while they're shopping in our stores.

And later this year, we anticipate that all trade credit customers will be able to seamlessly use TradeCredit for in-store purchases. Our order management system is another important capability that enables us to more easily manage pro product deliveries throughout the life of their project. Order management brings together systems and processes that enable us to eﬀectively capture, model, deliver, and oﬀer post-sales support for pro orders. And while there's still work to do, we have already deployed a number of benets. In some markets, we can now reserve inventory, modify orders before fulllment, and invoice upon delivery. For example, today, we can quickly and easily change an order from will-call in a store to delivery to the job site. These are a few of the critical features and benets we're working on that will deliver exceptional value to our pros. With that, let me turn the call over to Billy. Billy Bastek: Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. I want to start by also thanking all of our associates and supplier partners for their ongoing commitment to serving our customers and communities. As you heard from Ted, during the second quarter, we saw continued momentum in the underlying demand across home improvement-related projects. And our performance was the strongest it has been in over two years. Turning to our merchandising department comp performance for the second quarter, 12 of our 16 merchandising departments posted positive comps, including storage, bath, hardware, building materials, indoor garden, electrical, kitchen, outdoor garden, millwork, power, plumbing, and appliances. During the second quarter, our comp average ticket increased 1.4%, and comp transactions decreased 0.4%. The growth in our comp average ticket primarily reects the greater mix of higher ticket items, ination from core commodity categories, including lumber and copper, and a modest decrease in promotional activity relative to prior years. Big ticket comp transactions, or those over $1,000, were positive 2.6% compared to the second quarter of last year. We were pleased with the performance we saw in categories such as building materials, lumber, and hardware. However, we continue to see softer engagement in larger discretionary projects where customers typically use nancing to fund the renovation project. During the second quarter, both pro and DIY comp sales were positive and relatively in line with one another. In the second quarter, we saw strength across many pro-heavy categories like lumber, concrete, and decking. And in DIY, we saw strength across our seasonal categories, including patio, grills, and live goods. Turning to total company online comp sales, sales leveraging our digital platforms increased approximately 12% compared to the second quarter of last year. We're excited about the continued success we are seeing across our interconnected platforms. As Ann mentioned, our faster delivery speeds are resonating with customers and driving greater engagement in sales. We know that as we remove friction from the experience, we see incremental customer engagement. We also continue to invest in improving search functionality, leveraging AI, and enhancing our buy-it-again capabilities, allowing customers to easily and conveniently reorder products regardless of where the original purchase occurred. During the second quarter, we leaned into products and projects that are resonating with our customers. And we continue to focus on innovation to deliver the best value proposition for home improvement projects while enhancing the customer experience. For example, in paint, we continue to see the benets of the investments we are making with products, delivery, and loyalty. You might recall that we are the only home improvement big box retailer oﬀering Kill's branded primer. We also enhanced our fulllment options, including our in-store service and job site delivery capabilities with the pro who paints. All of these initiatives have driven continued share gains in the quarter. Across our power department, the strong competitive advantage that we have built with our extensive lineup of battery-powered platforms continues to drive share growth in these categories.

In fact, we achieved a company sales record for battery-powered tools during the second quarter. And in our storage department, the team continues to bring new innovation to the market, whether it's our mini totes, the large mega tote, or our improved storage systems. All of these products help drive positive sales and unit comps in the category for the quarter. Finally, we continue to see great success across our appliance business. As we've mentioned before, the improvements we've made to the shopping experience are resonating with our customers. As we look ahead to the third quarter, our merchandising organization remains focused on being our customers' advocate for value. This means continuing to provide a bright assortment of best-in-class products that are in stock and available for our customers when they need it. As we prepare for the holiday season in the back half of the year, we are committed to providing our customers with new and innovative products at a great value. This quarter, we are extremely excited about our lineup for Halloween as the products bring excitement to our stores and help drive traﬃc. Our merchants have worked with our supplier partners to put together a compelling assortment of product oﬀerings for this Halloween season, including the return of many fan favorites like Tutsus, Skelly, and Barkley, as well as new collections for the Halloween enthusiast. Our sneak preview of our Halloween lineup was a huge success, and we look forward to the full rollout in the coming weeks. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Richard. Richard McPhail: Thank you, Billy, and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, total sales were $45.3 billion, an increase of $2.1 billion, or approximately 4.9% from last year. As a reminder, SRS entered our total company comp base in late June. During the second quarter, our total company comps were positive 1%, with comps of negative 0.3% in May, at in June, and positive 3.1% in July. Comps in the U.S. were positive 1.4% for the quarter, with comps of positive 0.3% in May, positive 0.5% in June, and positive 3.3% in July. For the quarter, and in local currency, Canada and Mexico posted positive comps. Additionally, foreign exchange rates negatively impacted total company comps by approximately 40 basis points for the quarter. In the second quarter, our gross margin was 33.4%, a slight increase compared to 2024, which was in line with our expectations. During the second quarter, operating expense as a percent of sales increased approximately 65 basis points to 18.9% compared to 2024. Our operating expense performance was in line with our expectations. Our operating margin for the second quarter was 14.5% compared to 15.1% in 2024. In the quarter, pretax intangible asset amortization was $139 million. Excluding the intangible asset amortization in the quarter, our adjusted operating margin for the second quarter was 14.8% compared to 15.3% in 2024. Interest and other expense for the second quarter increased by $61 million to $550 million, which was in line with our expectations. In the second quarter, our eﬀective tax rate was 24.2% compared to 24.5% in 2024. Our diluted earnings per share for the second quarter were $4.58 compared to $4.60 in 2024. Excluding intangible asset amortization, our adjusted diluted earnings per share for the second quarter were $4.68, a slight increase compared to 2024. During the second quarter, we opened three new stores, bringing our total store count to 2,353. At the end of the quarter, merchandise inventories were $24.8 billion, up approximately $1.8 billion compared to 2024, and inventory turns were 4.6 times, down from 4.9 times last year. Turning to capital allocation, during the second quarter, we invested approximately $915 million back into our business in the form of capital expenditures. And during the quarter, we paid approximately $2.3 billion in dividends to our shareholders. Computed on the average of beginning and ending long-term debt and equity for the trailing twelve months, return on invested capital was 27.2%, down from 31.9% in 2024. Now I will comment on our outlook for scal 2025. As you heard from Ted, our performance during the second quarter was in line with our expectations. The customer engagement we saw in 2024 continued into 2025, with notable improvements

in underlying demand during the second quarter. As we look to the remainder of the year, we are condent in our ability to manage through the macroeconomic environment as it stands today. As a result, we are reaﬃrming our scal 2025 guidance. As a reminder, our guidance does not include any assumptions on impacts from the pending GMS acquisition, uctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in the interest rate environment, or a recovery in demand for larger remodeling projects. We expect total sales growth to outpace sales comp, with sales growth of approximately positive 2.8% and comp sales growth of approximately positive 1%, compared to scal 2024. Our gross margin is expected to be approximately 33.4%, essentially at compared to scal 2024. Further, we expect an operating margin of approximately 13% and an adjusted operating margin of approximately 13.4%. Our eﬀective tax rate is targeted at approximately 24.5%. We expect net interest expense of approximately $2.2 billion. We expect our diluted earnings per share to decline approximately 3% compared to scal 2024 when comparing the fty-two weeks in scal 2025 to the fty-three weeks in scal 2024. And we expect our adjusted diluted earnings per share to decline approximately 2% compared to scal 2024. On a fty-two-week basis, adjusted diluted earnings per share would be essentially at compared to scal 2024. We plan to continue investing in our business with capital expenditures of approximately 2.5% of sales for scal 2025. We believe that we will grow market share in any environment by strengthening our competitive position, our customers, and delivering the best customer experience in home improvement. Thank you for your participation in today's call. And Christine, we are now ready for questions. Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question and answer session. One moment please while we poll for questions. Our rst question comes from the line of Zach Fadem with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question. Zach Fadem: Hey, good morning. Starting with the July improvement, do you view this more as a catch-up due to weather or an underlying change in trend? And then as you think about the second half comp, about a 50 basis point improvement implied from Q2, a couple of points on a two-year basis. Perhaps we could level set on the drivers across traﬃc, ticket, pricing, etcetera, and whether you anticipate any changes there. Ted Decker: Thanks, Zach. That's a full question. We feel really great about our Q2 performance. As you know, we had really tough weather in the rst quarter of the year, leading to relatively at U.S. comp and slightly negative overall with FX, and recovered here with 1% for the company and 1.4% for the U.S. And as you said, those comps got markedly stronger as the months went on through the quarter. And that's really a factor of two things. First, we denitely saw broader engagement across the portfolio. These are the best comps we've seen across the most departments in nearly two years. As Billy said, the performance adjusted for some of the hurricane activity we saw last year across the regions was consistent. And the consumers, both pro and consumer, engaged broadly across the business, granted in smaller projects. We still haven't seen the recovery in much larger discretionary projects. And then nally, weather did have a big impact. We had not a great spring overall, and that went into Q2. But in July in particular, the weather in the North really turned favorable, and that team responded, and we captured great sales. So we feel great about underlying momentum in the business, helped by a little weather. When you look at the back half of the year, just focus on the U.S., Richard can go into some exchange rate diﬀerentials. When you look at the U.S., we're looking at just a slight uptick in comp to have that 1% for the full year. So we're just under 1% in the rst half, do a little better than 1% in the back half, gets us to that 1% guide for the year. Q&A Session Follow Home Depot Inc. (NYSE:HD)

Follow Home Depot Inc. (NYSE:HD) Receive real-time insider trading and news alerts or Subscribe with Google We may use your email to send marketing emails about our services. Click here to read our privacy policy. So we feel really good about our ability to do that, particularly with the broader engagement across the portfolio. And Richard, there's some FX. Richard McPhail: Sure. Just to tick out what Ted said, recall when we established guidance at the beginning of the year, our guidance assumed a slight improvement and, frankly, a continuation in the momentum that we had seen in 2024 to continue gradually through the year 2025. That's what we've seen to date, and so that is still embedded in the assumptions underlying our guidance. So just to tick it out, we were a positive 0.9% in the U.S. in the rst half. And as Ted said, we're assuming slight improvement in that trajectory. From an FX perspective, the total company had a 55 basis point headwind from FX in the rst half. At current FX rates, that actually ips to a 25 basis point tailwind. And so for those reasons, we feel condent in our guide. I think it's also important to note that the momentum that we saw through the second quarter has continued through the rst two weeks of the third quarter. Zach Fadem: Thanks, Richard and Ted, for all the color there. And then just a follow-up, there's been a lot more talk about the potential for rate cuts later this year. And we also have some tax reform dynamics as well. So just curious to what extent these could be positive catalysts for your business. And if you have any thoughts on the level of rate cut you'd need to see to begin seeing that impact? Ted Decker: Yeah. Certainly, some relief on mortgage rates in particular could help. I think referring to it as a bit of a frozen housing market with, you know, forty-plus year low turnover rates and even new starts are struggling a bit. So lower rates would certainly help. We don't have a crystal ball on what that number is. When we talk generally, though, to our customers, each of our sets of consumers and pros, the number one reason for deferring the large project is general economic uncertainty. That is larger than prices of projects, labor availability, all the various things we've talked about in the past. So by a wide margin, economic uncertainty is number one. And when you look at things like the tax bill passing last time we were together, we didn't know what tax rates would be, corporate or personal rates. That's all been settled with even some more favorable lowering of taxes and increases in child tax credits and the like. So a little help on the interest rate front would be helpful, and then I think we have a great result with the tax package that passed that should put some more discretionary spending in our consumers' wallets. And just from a pure cash tax perspective, we will see a benet from bonus depreciation, full expensing of R&D. That's not a book benet, but it's a cash tax benet. And we'll be thinking about how that factors into our plans going forward. Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Zaccone with Citi. Please proceed with your question. Steven Zaccone: Great. Thanks very much for taking my question. I want to follow up on Zach's second question there. Ted, when you think about some of the clarity you've gotten on the tax package and then we're waiting on rates, how does it inform your view on the shape of recovery in that large project activity? As we sit here today, do you think that's something to materialize in the next twelve months? Ted Decker: Well, again, we don't know when those rates will come. There's clearly an expectation that we start to get some cuts in the second half of this year. Remember that the short-term rates, while that will

help on a HELOC rate, which is often utilized for larger projects, the longer rate is more associated with the mortgage rate, which is more associated with the, you know, the ten-year and the longer bond rate. So again, I'm optimistic that with some of the reduction in the overall decit, that will be the longer, more sustainable benet to the long-term rates, and we see some progress there. So with lower taxes and now a permanent tax position, that uncertainty is removed. With lower rates, it's hard, Steve, to pick the number that unlocks turnover and mobility in U.S. housing and new construction. But things will certainly look better given tax and interest rates than the environment we're in right now. Steven Zaccone: Okay. Understood. And then maybe just for the second half of the year, you help us think a bit more about AUR and pricing. How did that perform in the quarter? It sounds like promotional activity was down a bit. But just as you think about the second half of the year, the complexion of ticket and transaction, how does pricing t into that equation? Billy Bastek: Yes. Thanks, Steven. This is Billy. Let me give some more color on that. Both kind of the macro piece for us as we think about diversication and those things, and I can give you a little color on the Q2 performance that you asked about. But listen, I'd say a couple of things on pricing, going back to our call in May. First, it's super important to remember that over 50% of our products are sourced domestically and wouldn't be subject to any tariﬀs. Now some of the important goods, obviously, tariﬀ rates are signicantly higher today than they were when we spoke in May. So as you'd expect, there'll be some modest price movement in some categories, but it won't be broad-based. And I think it's important to keep in mind as well, our customers tend to shop for the entire project. And you think about a small ooring project, tile, grout, bathtub, and vanity, and a bath project. And so we're laser-focused on protecting the cost of the entire project. And so, listen, our goal is to maintain the best value for our customers. We're gonna take a portfolio approach as we've talked a lot about in the past. As we always do. And we'll have a price leadership position in home improvement. The second piece you alluded to some of the dynamics in Q2, when I mentioned in my prepared remarks about some promotional activity, that was really focused around just some of the smaller garden projects. Think molds, think chemicals. Those were the biggest headwinds that we had as it related to just the transaction comp in the quarter. So that was, you know, if you think about our job, which is to help impact some of the tariﬀ pressure, being a little promotional in a couple of those garden areas. Just the nature of what we did in Q2. And so again, four of those ve categories that we saw an impact from were just related to some of the lower ticket garden projects. Steven Zaccone: Understood. Best of luck in the second half. Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question. Christopher Horvers: Thanks and good morning. Just my rst question is more near-term, and then my follow-up is a bit more bigger picture. So following up on this last line of the question, there are a number of like puts and takes on in the back half around comp cadence that I'd love for you to talk about? Do you expect much diﬀerence between the quarters? It looks like the hurricane lift was pretty similar, but then, you know, ticket ination given inventory receipts and seasonal probably accelerates over the year. But then on the other side of this, you have this sort of euphoria December post-election with the consumer. So any thoughts there on the puts and takes of comp cadence in the back half? Ted Decker: Yes, Chris. As Rich and I outlined earlier, there's not a big uptick necessary to meet our guide. The U.S. business will be more or less a similar comp rate with no meaningful lift necessary, and we get that swing of 80 basis points of FX pressure for the total company. On ticket and transactions, you saw higher ticket in Q2 to transactions. And as Billy said, it's really the increase in spend on large items where

we had a 2.6% comp in tickets over $1,000, and again, that was broad-based. In the lack of a lot of promotional activity in outdoor garden that tends to be smaller ticket. That mix eﬀect is what helped the ticket. It really wasn't priced. And then similarly, that slight decrease in transactions was all in that modest pullback in outdoor garden promotions. And but I mean that explains all of the negative transactions that we saw. So you're going to cycle through the we're not planning for any more hurricanes. The hurricane impacts were smaller in Q2 than they were in Q1. They'll be smaller yet again in Q3 and Q4. So we're just looking at the continued momentum broadly in our departments, in our geographies, to deliver that 1% guidance. Christopher Horvers: Got it. And then bigger picture on GMS. Could you compare and contrast the business relative to the roong business, which is SRS's largest vertical? From the outside, it seems to some that, you know, GMS is maybe more commodity-oriented and something that perhaps you could have achieved through the expanded fulllment oﬀering that you have in about 20 markets in the large pro side. Is there something particularly in the assets that you acquire that you want to acquire that was easier to buy than build? Is it sort of drywall so foundational and so thus a big part of the market? Is it the Salesforce and so forth? Thanks very much. Ted Decker: Sure. Chris, it's a number of those things. Let me just wind back a minute. As I said, we're super pleased with SRS. Roong is the biggest category. Also pool and landscape. And those are verticals that they run as a specialty trade distributor. And from what we saw in public company announcements, in Q2, we took share, we won in the marketplace in each of those three verticals. And when we look at the opportunity set, in our pro initiative, we talk about a game board, diﬀerent categories, and diﬀerent customers in diﬀerent purchase occasions, and where are there attractive prot pools and share opportunities. We're building out with our own organic pro ecosystem a focus on the CrossTrade Pro who's gonna shop across The Home Depot, Inc. store, increasingly engage with them with an outside sales force and sales trade credit and delivery as we've talked about. But then we've also said, well, are these verticals of specialty that are very attractive, SRS being incredibly attractive in roong, pool, and landscape. And drywall, in ceiling are very much adjacent complementary verticals to that SRS business model. So small branches, truckload delivery, high inventory turn, eﬀective sales engagement, asset-light, similar margins, going into, again, largely residential remodel and construction. We believe GMS is the best property, the best asset in that space. And we've been talking to them for some time. Dan Tinker and the SRS team had been in contact with John Turner in the leadership at GMS for some time. This was not something that happened overnight. This is something we've been engaging with them and thinking about how these two businesses could add value working together. And the management teams, the cultures, the approach to single ERP systems, go-to-market strategies at the branch level are very, very similar to SRS. We think this will be a seamless integration under that SRS platform. And they will attack their markets the way they always have, growing specialty trade business. And then Ann and Mike and our teams, as we build out our Pro ecosystem, we have a great new list of larger customers. We have an additional 400 nodes of distribution to add to the 800 that SRS already have. As I said in my remarks, 1,200 additional distribution branches in total. That when Ann mentioned ship from the best location, we'll be leveraging those branches as well combined with the 2,000 stores. You can start to see this ecosystem that we're putting together with customers, with Salesforce, with distribution nodes, with delivery assets. We're just super excited about how we can take incremental share bringing this unied capability set together. Christopher Horvers: Great. Thank you very much.

Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question. Simeon Gutman: I want to please on with the phrase that Richard you used in prepared remarks and then I think Ted said it again, this notable improvement in underlying demand. You qualied it with some commentary around weather I assume also maybe bathtub eﬀect is the same denition. Can you talk about the degree to which you think there is underlying turning in housing? Or was this market share? Or was this weather? Are we seeing an inection? Thank you. Richard McPhail: Thanks, Simeon. Well, as we've said, I think our assumption, what we've observed, and the assumption going forward is that rst, more than anything, we have a very healthy customer. Right? Our customer is the homeowner or the pro that serves that homeowner. They're fully employed. They've seen strong income gains over the past several years. They have seen home price appreciation of 50% since 2019. They're sitting on top of the equity of over $11 trillion, which is double that they were sitting on in 2019. And so as we predicted, we have observed continued engagement and momentum in that engagement across the core of our categories. As Billy spelled out, 12 of 16 categories in positive comp territory, the strongest and broadest performance we've seen in over two years. And that's what we expected, and that's what we've seen. As Ted pointed out and as we've discussed before, our customers still tell us that the rate environment is giving them pause on larger remodeling projects that would typically require debt nancing, and Ted alluded to where mortgage rates and HELOC rates are. We know that that is still an impediment in our customer's mindset to executing on projects. What I think is important to note is our pros, we survey every quarter and say that their customers tell them they're deferring projects. They're not canceling projects. Home improvement demand persists. And so our job is to position ourselves to be ready for that. At the same time, our guidance for the remainder of the year, as I said, doesn't assume any improvement in the outlook for larger projects or a turn in housing per se. It really just assumes that consistent momentum that we've already seen really for four quarters now. And that continued in the rst two weeks of the quarter. Simeon Gutman: Okay. And a follow-up, can I ask about proof points on the complex projects or complex pro? Are you seeing sequential inections, whether it's some of the core capabilities that The Home Depot, Inc. has implemented or related to crossover benet from SRS? Ted Decker: Yeah. On your shared comment, we believe we're taking share. As I said, we looked at the public company disclosures, the reporting of Q2, and how we performed, and that includes paint, roong, landscape, drywall. We're starting to see some really neat cross synergies on the distribution front and on the sales front. And Mike or Ann, if you'd like to comment a little bit about the momentum we're seeing in our organic eﬀorts and then with some of the cross-sell with SRS. Mike: Yes, as Ann mentioned in her prepared remarks, we're pretty thrilled with the progress we're making as we continue investing in the Pro Ecosystem, continue to optimize assortments as we talked. She talked about account management, our Salesforce service model, fulllment among other things, notably for that cross-sale of Pro. So notably, delivery reliability, specically related to being on time and complete, are paramount for the pro experience. And we're pleased with the improvement that we've seen in terms of the pros' feedback around customer satisfaction with their deliveries, along with our improved performance for being on time and complete. And we see this both for large job site deliveries, notably on atbeds and box trucks, but also their use of car deliveries as we've leveraged our distribution assets for faster parcel delivery, we've seen a double-digit lift in spend on parcel items enabling pros to stay on the job site.

And then just further, with Protrade credit works hand in hand with the advances we're making with order management and delivery, and again, as Anne noted, seeing strong lift from now being able to invoice on delivery of goods versus upon the purchase of those goods. Simeon Gutman: Thank you. Good luck. Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with Truist. Please proceed with your question. Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning, guys. I guess this is a bit of a follow-up to Simeon's question. You have previously given us some gures on the incremental sales you've been able to generate from your complex pro eﬀorts. Can you update us on that most recent performance and where you have rolled it out? Obviously, you just talked about kinda the what's that are happening. But how should we be thinking about the growth curve in those markets? Thanks. Ted Decker: Scott, yeah, we're not going to keep updating that billion dollars. We just wanted to it's a nice hallmark for us to hit the billion-dollar mark on incremental sales. But trust me, we are reviewing every week incrementality on all we're doing with the pro initiative. As Mike said, it starts with an engaged sales force. You know, this is solution selling with a mature outside Salesforce supported with inside sales support. On-time and complete delivery is paramount, and that is where we've seen a real step change. John Deaton and his team on the delivery side from our FDCs, remember the 17 markets we have the atbed distribution centers. We have 20 plus parcel delivery facilities. We have 200 plus market delivery operations, which are big and bulky product and appliances. Ann mentioned the ship from the best location. We're leveraging stores as well. So we're putting all those nodes into an opportunity set to optimize delivery for the which node is gonna have the quickest delivery time at the lowest cost at the greatest chance of being on time and complete for the customer. And that's all the machine learning and AI we're putting into eﬀect to make that happen. We've seen a step change in improvement in our on-time and complete delivery. That's giving our sales team more condence to sell. That's keeping retaining customers who tried us once and liked us try us again, we satisfy them again. Now you add trade credit to the equation. It's still such early days with trade credit, and we have millions of pro customers, and we've literally had small single-digit thousands on trade credit. So this virtuous cycle of the whole ecosystem trying to work is gaining steam. The great thing about having someone like SRS and then doing all the diligence in the work with GMS, you know, we actually understand in that part of the business is behaving like a distributor, and we are satisfying these larger pros in their complex purchase occasions as we need to as a true professional wholesale deliverer. So super excited, and the momentum is building. Scot Ciccarelli: Appreciate that. Good luck. Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lasser with UBS. Please proceed with your question. Michael Lasser: Good morning. Thank you so much for taking my question. So over the last several years, The Home Depot, Inc. has taken some big swings, made some big calls, including building the pro ecosystem, buying SRS, and now GMS. Are these calls driven by something that you are seeing that is changing in the home improvement market or something that's changing in The Home Depot, Inc. that's needing the prompting the need to take bigger calls in order to gain market share? And as part of this, how do you weigh the potential trade-oﬀ between growth and returns in these capital allocation decisions, or is that just a moot point? Because The Home Depot, Inc. is gonna be able to achieve both in a robust recovery situation in the next few years. Thank you very much.

Ted Decker: Great question, Michael. I'd also add what we've done with e-commerce in big swing we've done building out distribution centers platforming. The point is our e-commerce, which has taken tremendous share. I'll let Richard talk about trade-oﬀ returns. As we've said, we look at this game board and this oﬀer set of where their prot pools and where we can satisfy the customer. But we're always looking customer back as we went into this. And what we were told by our pro customers they're dealing with so many diﬀerent suppliers. They're dealing with 20, 30, 50 diﬀerent suppliers on a job site. If we can make their job easier to take out ve diﬀerent sales calls, ve other delivery trucks, ve other invoice payment cycles. And that is making their business easier. And that is our value proposition is that you can get a lot more from one supplier. We'll never get 100% of someone's or even a 100% of someone's spend in a particular category. But the more we can consolidate activity for them, particularly on a job site, in the selling cycle and the billing and payment cycle, that's our value proposition, and that's where they told us we have a right to win, and they're interested in that. I'd also say that there is some consolidation. There's consolidation on the manufacturer side, on the distributor side, and even the customer side. And scale matters. And we've always been the scale player. And not in the pro wholesale type activity but certainly in home improvement. And we're satisfying that scale game as well. And we think the returns you get there in a diﬀerent way, but Richard, the return prole is attractive. Richard McPhail: Absolutely. So when we think about capital allocation, as we've always told you, we invest in our business rst. And that's what, you know, we've leaned into in these last few years. We view our goal here is to drive sales growth through driving shared capture, which then drives EPS growth. We have to do that in concert with creating shareholder value. And so that's when returns we understand rst of all, just on the TAM, and the shared capture perspective, we've seen an increased TAM, but we've also increased our TAM through the acquisition of SRS, and then GMS would further increase that TAM. So we have one of the most attractive addressable markets in the, I call it, the U.S. consumer economy, North American consumer economy. And it starts there. Second, as Ted said, we're the scale player in that market. And so we have tremendous opportunities, and we feel like it's our responsibility to put ourselves in a unique position to win share. So now let's talk about returns. Simply put, when we nd an investment that allows us to drive share capture and drive earnings growth, that drives a return higher than our cost of capital with a little bit of a margin of safety built in, we're gonna make that investment. And so you've seen us lean into a variety of investments over the last ve years. What might surprise you is that many of these investments are more capital light and have a higher return prole than some of our more conventional investments. So I'll give you two examples. When you think about an SRS branch, comparatively speaking, the capital required and then the return on that capital through time is actually lower capital required on a percent of sales basis than a Home Depot store would be. And the return on that capital actually comes more quickly than it does at a Home Depot store. And by the way, we think that the Home Depot store is one of the most rock-solid investments we can make, which is why we've leaned into that program. So SRS, wholesale distribution, a capital-light model. Second, our DFCs. If you take our DFCs and you look at where they are on their maturity curve, they're actually generating higher returns on invested capital than an equivalent Home Depot store would at this point in their life cycle. Again, if you're using the benchmark, a Home Depot store to us is almost like buying treasuries. I mean, that is as close to, you know, the most condent return we can drive in this business. And the incremental investments we're making, I'll argue, are positioned to drive higher returns on that capital. Now if you

look at it in the earlier stages of investment, ROIC is lower in the earlier stages, and in the later stages of that same investment, it's higher. So we're simply ascribing to the fact that we have an opportunity to position ourselves like no one else in our trillion-dollar total addressable market to win and win over the long term. Michael Lasser: Okay. Thank you very much for that. My quick follow-up is the decision to reduce promotional activity during the quarter was tied to the tariﬀ situation. So a, how do you expect this to unfold? It's likely that tariﬀs are gonna be with us for a while. Does that mean The Home Depot, Inc.'s posture around promotional activity will be reduced? And, b, how do you expect this to impact the P&L over the next few quarters, and what have you assumed within your guidance? Thank you very much. Billy Bastek: Yes. Thanks, Michael. And as I mentioned a little bit earlier in Stephen's question, we did pull back again, primarily in the outside garden space, which caused some of that transaction comp noise that I mentioned. I mean, listen, The Home Depot, Inc. is an EDLP retailer. And so anything that we can do to continue to drive value for our customers in this marketplace and going forward. And you're right, the tariﬀs have been increased since we met in May. That's all in our go-forward guidance. So listen, we feel great about the values. I mentioned holiday. We have many things coming up in the back half of the year. We'll talk a little bit more in Q3 about our gift center and all the things that we'll have there. We're gonna continue to be focused on EDLP, taking market share. We love our price position as it stands today. And we look forward to partnering even closer with our supplier partners and continuing to drive that value for customers. And believe me, there'll be plenty of great opportunities for our consumers, our customers every day in our stores now through the back half of the year. Thank you very much and good luck. Isabel Janci: Christine, we have time for one more question. Operator: Thank you. Our nal question comes from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon. Please proceed with your question. Chuck Grom: Hey, thanks very much. My question is for Billy on category performance. I was hoping you could maybe double click on the areas where the business has most notably improved. You guys have called out 12 out of the 16 categories. That's the best breadth of performance, I think, since the '2. So maybe just click on the categories a little bit. And then also regionally, any callouts in the quarter? Billy Bastek: Yeah. No. Happy to talk through that. It's great, Chuck. As you mentioned, we called out 12 of our 16 departments posted positive comps. We actually had 13 in the U.S. with some FX pressure in paint. But really, it was the broader-based performance that, as I mentioned, the strongest we've seen in over two years. So I called out some of the seasonal pieces, patio, live goods, and barbecue, but just to give some color on some of the other businesses, and I know Richard talked about this being much more broad-based. If you think about our portable power business, cleaning business, dimensional lumber, concrete, water heaters, vanities, interior paint, and in fact, the largest comp contributions to the quarter were really outside of seasonal. Of course, we saw a pickup. Ted mentioned the North picking up. Certainly, more traﬃc in our stores drives more projects as well. But it was really broad-based across the business, not only the 12 departments, but I gave you color around just what we're seeing inside some of those what we consider really core home improvement projects that are just outside of, obviously, your typical when spring comes and you know, you sell a little bit more of the garden space. We're really, really pleased, thrilled with the work that the merchant team has done along with our supply chain folks. Just incredible work and really excited about the back half of the year and more of the broad-based impact that we're seeing.

Chuck Grom: That's great. And then my follow-up just on for Richard on gross margins. Flat year over year. Can we just talk about the moving parts in the quarter? How are you thinking about the cadence in the back half? And then zooming out, this will be the third straight year gross margins will be around 33.4. I guess how are you thinking about that line item in the out? Thank you. Richard McPhail: Right. We'll just keep our comments to this year. Gross margin, we guided at the beginning of the year that it's going to be essentially at at 33.4%. You're not gonna see a lot of movement in that line item, other than seasonal swing a little bit that we always see. And so we've reaﬃrmed guidance at that level. And then we'll address future years when we get together in December. Chuck Grom: Great. Thank you. Operator: Thank you. Ms. Janci, I'd like to turn the oor back over to you for closing comments. Isabel Janci: Thank you. Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you on our third quarter earnings call in November. Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day. Follow Home Depot Inc. (NYSE:HD) Follow Home Depot Inc. (NYSE:HD) Receive real-time insider trading and news alerts or Subscribe with Google We may use your email to send marketing emails about our services. Click here to read our privacy policy. Share

NYSE:HD Q2 2025 MSN News Earnings Call Transcript Related Insider Monkey Articles Flexible Solutions International, Inc. (AMEX:FSI) Q2 2025 Earnings Call Transcript... Omeros Corporation (NASDAQ:OMER) Q2 2025 Earnings Call Transcript Nano Labs Ltd (NASDAQ:NA) Q2 2025 Earnings Call Transcript Freightos Limited Ordinary shares (NASDAQ:CRGO) Q2 2025 Earnings Call Transcript... CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:CBAT) Q2 2025 Earnings Call Transcript Riskied Ltd. (NYSE:RSKD) Q2 2025 Earnings Call Transcript Insider Monkey Quarterly Strategy +599.2% Insider Monkey Quarterly Strategy +227% Benchmark 50% S&P 500 ETF and 50% Russell 2000 ETF 500% 250% 0%

Returns since its inception in May 2014 (through June 2, 2026) Subscribe Now 30 day money back guarantee. Cancel anytime. Hedge Fund Resource Center How to Best Use Insider Monkey to Increase Your Returns Why Track Hedge Funds? Download a Free Edition! Why You Should DUMP Your Hedge Funds 6 Things You Didn't Know About Hedge Funds Billionaire Hedge Funds Warren Buﬀett Berkshire Hathaway $293,447,417,000 David Einhorn Greenlight Capital $1,491,303,000 George Soros Soros Fund Management $5,416,602,000 Jim Simons Renaissance Technologies $77,426,184,000 Leon Cooperman Omega Advisors $1,886,381,000 Carl Icahn Icahn Capital LP $22,521,664,000 Steve Cohen Point72 Asset Management $22,767,998,000 John Paulson Paulson & Co $3,510,256,000

David Tepper Appaloosa Management LP $4,198,712,000 Paul Tudor Jones Tudor Investment Corp $6,160,740,000 The $250 Trillion AI Hype is Real. A few years from now, you'll probably wish you'd bought this stock. Published on May 16, 2026 at by Inan Dogan, PhD Dr. Ian Dogan Co-Founder and Research Director at Insider Monkey When Jeﬀ Bezos said that one breakthrough technology would shape Amazon's destiny, even Wall Street's biggest analysts were caught oﬀ guard. Fast forward a year and Amazon's new CEO Andy Jassy described generative AI as a "once-in-a-lifetime" technology that is already being used across Amazon to reinvent customer experiences. At the 8th Future Investment Initiative conference, Elon Musk predicted that by 2040 there would be at least 10 billion humanoid robots , with each priced between $20,000 and $25,000 . Do the math. According to Musk, this technology could be worth $250 trillion by 2040. Put another way, that's roughly equal to: 175 Teslas 107 Amazons 140 Metas 84 Googles 65 Microsofts And 55 Nvidias And here's the wild part -- this $250 trillion wave isn't tied to one company, but to an entire ecosystem of AI innovators set to reshape the global economy. It's a leap so massive, it could reshape how businesses, governments, and consumers operate worldwide. Even if that $250 trillion gure sounds ambitious, major rms like PwC and McKinsey still see AI unlocking multi-trillion-dollar potential. How could anything be worth that much? The answer lies in a breakthrough so powerful it's redening how humanity works, learns, and creates. And this breakthrough has already set oﬀ a frenzy among hedge funds and Wall Street's top investors. What most investors don't realize is that one under-owned company holds the key to this $250 trillion revolution. In fact, Verge argues this company's supercheap AI technology should concern rivals.

Before I reveal the details, let's talk about how some of the richest people on the planet are positioning themselves. Bill Gates sees articial intelligence as the "biggest technological advance in my lifetime," more transformative than the internet or personal computer, capable of improving healthcare, education, and addressing climate change. Larry Ellison -- through Oracle, is spending billions on Nvidia chips and partnering with Cohere to embed generative AI across Oracle's cloud and apps. Warren Buﬀett -- not known for tech hype -- says this breakthrough could have a 'hugely benecial social impact. When billionaires from Silicon Valley to Wall Street line up behind the same idea -- you know it's worth paying attention to. Even as we admire what Tesla, Nvidia, Alphabet, and Microsoft have built, we believe an even greater opportunity lies elsewhere… But the real story isn't Nvidia -- it's a much smaller company quietly improving the critical technology that makes this entire revolution possible. And judging by what I'm hearing from both Silicon Valley insiders and Wall Street veterans… This prediction might not be bold at all: A few years from now, you'll wish you'd owned this stock. The best part? You can discover everything about this company and its groundbreaking technology right now. I've compiled everything you need to know about this groundbreaking company in a detailed, membersonly report. Trust me -- you'll want to read this report before putting another dollar into any tech stock. For a ridiculously low price of just $9.99 a month , you can unlock a year's worth of in-depth investment research and exclusive insights – that's less than a single fast food meal! Here's why this is a deal you can't aﬀord to pass up: • Access to our Detailed Report on this Game-Changing AI Stock: Our in-depth report dives deep into our #1 AI stock's groundbreaking technology and massive growth potential. • 11 New Issues of Our Premium Readership Newsletter: You will also receive 11 new issues and at least one new stock pick per month from our monthly newsletter's portfolio over the next 12 months. These stocks are handpicked by our research director, Dr. Inan Dogan. • One free upcoming issue of our 70+ page Quarterly Newsletter: A value of $149 • Bonus Reports: Premium access to members-only fund manager video interviews • Ad-Free Browsing: Enjoy a year of investment research free from distracting banner and pop-up ads, allowing you to focus on uncovering the next big opportunity. • 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee: If you're not absolutely satised with our service, we'll provide a full refund within 30 days, no questions asked.

If you're thinking about getting in, don't wait – because once Wall Street catches wind of this story, the easy money will be gone. Space is Limited! Only 1000 spots are available for this exclusive oﬀer. Don't let this chance slip away – subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter today and unlock the potential for a life-changing investment. Here's what to do next: 1. Subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter for just $9.99 a month . (33% Oﬀ – was $14.99). 2. Enjoy a year of ad-free browsing, exclusive access to our in-depth report on the revolutionary AI company, and the upcoming issues of our Premium Readership Newsletter over the next 12 months. 3. Sit back, relax, and know that you're backed by our ironclad 30-day money-back guarantee. Don't miss out on this incredible opportunity! Subscribe now and take control of your AI investment future! Subscribe Now! <b>Cancel anytime.</b> Turn oﬀ auto-renewal via our website with just a click. Insider Monkey Ads Buy This $3 Stock Now Before the 400% Surge Begins Published on May 15, 2026 at by Inan Dogan, PhD Dr. Ian Dogan Co-Founder and Research Director at Insider Monkey My name is Inan Dogan. I'm the co-founder and Research Director of Insider Monkey. I have an important message for you today. Since March 2017, my stock picks have returned 16.5% annually. Today, I've found an opportunity even bigger than my British American Tobacco call. Two years ago, Wall Street wrote oﬀ British American Tobacco (BTI) as a "melting ice cube." The stock had crashed 40% from its peak, and consensus said the business was dying. We looked under the cover and realized they were wrong. We alerted our subscribers, and BTI returned 90% in just 16 months. Now if you had invested just $10,000 in BTI in June 2024, you'd be sitting on $19,000 in October 2025. Today, we have identied a nearly identical pattern in a digital-rst giant trading at $3. While the market panics over a surface-level revenue decline, our PhD-led research shows management has actually surgically cut $100 million in waste to focus on high-margin growth. This pattern is a hallmark of our 16.5% annual return track record. The current opportunity oﬀers a 400% upside potential--dwarng even our 90% BTI return. Get the ticker for our new "Underdog" pick and the full BTI case study for just 99 cents. This exclusive oﬀer is for NEW newsletter subscribers ONLY! Join our Premium Readership Newsletter for only $0.99 and become part of a savvy investor community.!

This oﬀer vanishes in 7 days , so don't miss your chance to lock in market beating returns ! Sign up NOW! The monthly newsletter comes with a 30-day, no-risk money-back guarantee. This oﬀer is available to the rst 1000 new investors who respond. Unlock Now! - $0.99 Regular price $9.99/mo. Cancel anytime. Here's why this is a deal you can't aﬀord to pass up: Access to our Detailed Report on this $3 stock with 400% upside potential. BONUS REPORT on our #1 AI-Robotics Stock with 10000% upside potential: Our in-depth report dives deep into our #1 AI/robotics stock's groundbreaking technology and massive growth potential. One New Issue of Our Premium Readership Newsletter: You will also receive one new issue per month and at least one new stock pick per month from our monthly newsletter's portfolio over the next 12 months. These stocks are handpicked by our research director, Dr. Inan Dogan. One free upcoming issue of our 70+ page Quarterly Newsletter: A value of $149 Bonus Content: Premium access to members-only fund manager video interviews Ad-Free Browsing: Enjoy a month of investment research free from distracting banner and pop-up ads, allowing you to focus on uncovering the next big opportunity. Lifetime Price Guarantee: Your renewal rate will always remain the same as long as your subscription is active. 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee: If you're not absolutely satised with our service, we'll provide a full refund within 30 days, no questions asked. Space is Limited! Only 1000 spots are available for this exclusive oﬀer. Don't let this chance slip away – subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter today and unlock the potential for a life-changing investment. Here's what to do next: 1. Head over to our website and subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter for just $0.99. 2. Enjoy a month of ad-free browsing, exclusive access to our in-depth report on the Trump tariﬀ and nuclear energy company as well as the revolutionary AI-robotics company, and the upcoming issues of our Premium Readership Newsletter. 3. Sit back, relax, and know that you're backed by our ironclad 30-day money-back guarantee. Don't miss out on this incredible opportunity! Subscribe now and take control of your AI investment future! Unlock Now! - $0.99 Regular price $9.99/mo. Cancel anytime. Get our editor's daily picks straight in your inbox! RSS Feed Hedge Funds Insider Trading About Us Authors Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Use FAQ CCPA - Do Not Sell My Information. ©2026 Koala Guide LLC.