=== PRESS RELEASE ===

EX-99.1 q225exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document EXHIBIT 99.1 NEWS RELEASE NEWS RELEASE NEWS RELEASE NEWS RELEASE Media Contacts: Amanda Miller, Amanda.C.Miller@aexp.com, +1.408.219.0563 Deniz Yigin, Deniz.Yigin@aexp.com, +1.332.999.0836 Investors/Analysts Contacts: Kartik Ramachandran, Kartik.Ramachandran@aexp.com, +1.212.640.5574 Amanda Blumstein, Amanda.Blumstein@aexp.com, +1.212.640.5574 AMERICAN EXPRESS DELIVERS RECORD SECOND-QUARTER REVENUE OF $17.9 BILLION, UP 9% YEAR-OVER-YEAR, AND EARNINGS PER SHARE OF $4.08 CARD MEMBER SPENDING REACHES QUARTERLY HIGH, UP 7% OVER LAST YEAR COMPANY REAFFIRMS FULL-YEAR 2025 REVENUE AND EPS GUIDANCE (Millions, except per share amounts, and where indicated) Quarters Ended June 30, Percentage Inc/(Dec) Six Months Ended June 30, Percentage Inc/(Dec) Billed Business (Billions) FX-adjusted $416.3 $388.2 $390.7 7% 7% $803.7 $755.2 $754.6 6% 7% Total Revenues Net of Interest Expense FX-adjusted $17,856 $16,333 $16,408 9% 9% $34,823 $32,134 $32,060 8% 9% Net Income $2,885 $3,015 (4)% $5,469 $5,452 —% Diluted Earnings Per Common Share (EPS) $4.08 $4.15 (2)% $7.71 $7.48 3% Adjusted EPS Excluding Transaction Gain $4.08 $3.49 17% $7.71 $6.82 13% Average Diluted Common Shares Outstanding (3)% (3)% New York – July 18, 2025 – American Express Company (NYSE: AXP) today reported second-quarter net income of $2.9 billion, compared with net income of $3.0 billion a year ago. Earnings per share was $4.08, down 2 percent from $4.15 a year ago, or up 17 percent excluding the $0.66 gain from the sale of Accertify in the prior year. “Our second-quarter results continued the strong momentum we have seen in our business over the last several quarters, with revenues growing 9 percent year-over-year to reach a record $17.9 billion, and adjusted EPS rising 17 percent,” said Stephen J. Squeri, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. “We saw record Card Member spending in the quarter, demand for our premium products was strong, and our credit performance remained best in class. Based on our strong performance year to date, we are reaffirming our full-year guidance for revenue growth of 8 to 10 percent and EPS of $15.00 to $15.50. “Looking at the upcoming refresh of our U.S. Consumer and Business Platinum Cards this fall, we are confident in our ability to sustain our leadership in the premium space, drawing on our competitive strengths. With our differentiated Membership model and proven product refresh strategy, combined with the expansion of the premium category, we see a long runway for growth.” Consolidated Financial Results Second-quarter consolidated total revenues net of interest expense were $17.9 billion, up 9 percent year-over-year. The increase was primarily driven by increased Card Member spending, higher net interest income supported by growth in revolving loan balances, and continued strong card fee growth. Consolidated provisions for credit losses were $1.4 billion, compared with $1.3 billion a year ago. The increase reflected a higher net reserve build and higher net write-offs year-over-year driven by growth in Total loans and Card Member receivables. The second-quarter net write-off rate was 2.0 percent, down from 2.1 percent a year ago. Consolidated expenses were $12.9 billion, up 14 percent year-over-year. The increase was driven by higher operating expenses, primarily due to the prior year gain from the sale of Accertify and higher investments in enterprise risk management capabilities and technology, and higher variable customer engagement costs driven by increased Card Member spending and usage of travel-related benefits. The consolidated effective tax rate was 18.7 percent, down from 20.4 percent a year ago, primarily reflecting discrete tax benefits in the current quarter related to the resolution of prior year tax items. Business Highlights • The results of the 2025 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review demonstrated that American Express has the lowest projected credit card loss rate and highest projected Return on Assets under the Federal Reserve’s stress test. • American Express announced major updates coming to the Consumer and Business Platinum Cards in the U.S. this fall. • The new Coinbase One Card will launch on the American Express network. • The company ranked #1 U.S. Credit Card Mobile App and #1 U.S. Credit Card Website Experience for Customer Satisfaction by J.D. Power. • American Express ranked #4 on the 2025 Best Companies to Work For® in the U.S. list by Great Place to Work®. # # # This earnings release should be read in conjunction with the company’s statistical tables for the second quarter 2025, which include information regarding our reportable operating segments, available on the American Express Investor Relations website at http://ir.americanexpress.com and in a Form 8-K furnished today with the Securities and Exchange Commission. An investor conference call will be held at 8:30 a.m. (ET) today to discuss second-quarter results. Live audio and presentation slides for the investor conference call will be available to the general public on the above-mentioned American Express Investor Relations website. A replay of the conference call will be available later today at the same website address. ________________________________ As used in this release, FX-adjusted information assumes a constant exchange rate between the periods being compared for purposes of currency translations into U.S. dollars (i.e., assumes the foreign exchange rates used to determine results for current period apply to the corresponding prior-year period against which such results are being compared). FX-adjusted revenues is a non-GAAP measure. The company believes the presentation of information on an FX-adjusted basis is helpful to investors by making it easier to compare the company’s performance in one period to that of another period without the variability caused by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Diluted earnings per common share (EPS) was reduced by the impact of (i) earnings allocated to participating share awards of $18 million and $23 million for the three months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and $36 million and $41 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and (ii) dividends on preferred shares of $15 million for both the three months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, and $29 million for both the six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024. Adjusted diluted earnings per common share, a non-GAAP measure, excludes the $0.66 per share impact of the gain from the sale of Accertify, Inc. recognized in the second quarter of 2024. See Appendix I for a reconciliation to EPS on a GAAP basis. Management believes adjusted EPS is useful in evaluating the ongoing operating performance of the company. Net write-off rates are based on principal losses only (i.e., excluding interest and/or fees) and represent consumer and small business Card Member loans and receivables (net write-off rates based on principal losses only are unavailable for corporate). We present a net write-off rate based on principal losses only to be consistent with industry convention. Net write-off rates including interest and fees are presented in the Statistical Tables for the second quarter of 2025 available on the above-mentioned American Express Investor Relations website, as our practice is to include uncollectible interest and/or fees as part of our total provision for credit losses. Federal Reserve estimates for credit card losses as a percent of average credit card loan balances and pre-tax net income as a percent of average assets (Return on Assets) under the severely adverse scenario for the nine-quarter projection period from the first quarter of 2025 to the first quarter of 2027. See 2025 Federal Reserve Stress Test Results (June 2025). The Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) results represent estimates under a hypothetical macroeconomic scenario that is more adverse than the current and economist consensus forecasted macroeconomic environments. Thus, these estimates are not forecasts and are not necessarily indicative of future performance under a severe stress scenario. Actual results could differ materially. American Express received the highest score in the J.D. Power 2025 U.S. Credit Card Mobile App and Online Credit Card Satisfaction Study, which measure customer satisfaction with financial institutions’ mobile applications and website experience for credit card account management. Visit jdpower.com/awards for more details. As used in this release: • Card Member spending (billed business) represents transaction volumes, including cash advances, on payment products issued by American Express. • Operating expenses represent salaries and employee benefits, professional services, data processing and equipment, and other, net. • Reserve releases and reserve builds represent the portion of the provisions for credit losses for the period related to increasing or decreasing reserves for credit losses as a result of, among other things, changes in volumes, macroeconomic outlook, portfolio composition, and credit quality of portfolios. Reserve releases represent the amount by which net write-offs exceed the provisions for credit losses. Reserve builds represent the amount by which the provisions for credit losses exceed net write-offs. • Variable customer engagement costs represent the aggregate of Card Member rewards, business development, and Card Member services expenses. ABOUT AMERICAN EXPRESS American Express (NYSE: AXP) is a global payments and premium lifestyle brand powered by technology. Our colleagues around the world back our customers with differentiated products, services and experiences that enrich lives and build business success. Founded in 1850 and headquartered in New York, American Express’ brand is built on trust, security, and service, and a rich history of delivering innovation and Membership value for our customers. With over a hundred million merchant locations across our global network, we seek to provide the world’s best customer experience every day to a broad range of consumers, small and medium-sized businesses, and large corporations. For more information about American Express, visit americanexpress.com, americanexpress.com/en-us/newsroom/, and ir.americanexpress.com. Source: American Express Company Location: Global CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements, which address American Express Company’s current expectations regarding business and financial performance, including management’s outlook for 2025, among other matters, contain words such as “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “aim,” “will,” “may,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “likely,” “continue” and similar expressions. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, include, but are not limited to, those that are set forth under the caption “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in the company’s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on July 18, 2025 (the Form 8-K Cautionary Note), which are incorporated by reference into this release. Those factors include, but are not limited to, the following: • the company’s ability to achieve its 2025 earnings per common share (EPS) outlook and grow EPS in the future, which will depend in part on revenue growth, credit performance, credit reserve levels and the effective tax rate remaining consistent with current expectations and the company’s ability to continue investing at high levels in areas that can drive sustainable growth (including its brand, value propositions, coverage, marketing, technology and talent), controlling operating expenses, effectively managing risk and executing its share repurchase program, any of which could be impacted by, among other things, the factors identified in the subsequent paragraphs and the Form 8-K Cautionary Note, as well as the following: macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, including the effects of announced or future tariff increases, global trade relations, changes to consumer and business confidence, international tensions, hostilities and instability, a slowdown in U.S. or global economic growth, higher rates of unemployment, changes in interest rates, inflation, supply chain issues, market volatility, energy costs and fiscal and monetary policies; the impact of any future contingencies, including, but not limited to, legal costs and settlements, the imposition of fines or monetary penalties, increases in Card Member remediation, investment gains or losses, restructurings, impairments and changes in reserves; issues impacting brand perceptions and the company’s reputation; changes in the competitive environment; impacts related to acquisitions, cobrand and other partner agreements, portfolio sales and joint ventures; and the impact of regulation and litigation, which could affect the profitability of the company’s business activities, limit the company’s ability to pursue business opportunities, require changes to business practices or alter the company’s relationships with Card Members, partners and merchants; • the company’s ability to achieve its 2025 revenue growth outlook and grow revenues net of interest expense in the future, which could be impacted by, among other things, the factors identified above, in the subsequent paragraphs and in the Form 8-K Cautionary Note, as well as the following: spending volumes and the spending environment not being consistent with expectations, including spending by U.S. consumer and small business Card Members, such as due to uncertain business and economic conditions, as well as a decline or slowdown in cross-border and travel & entertainment spending volumes; an inability to address competitive pressures, attract and retain customers, invest in and enhance the company’s Membership Model of premium products, differentiated services and partnerships, successfully refresh its card products (including U.S. Consumer and Business Platinum Cards), grow spending and lending with customers across age cohorts (including Millennial and Gen-Z customers) and commercial segments and implement strategies and business initiatives, including within the premium consumer space, commercial payments and the global network; the effects of regulatory initiatives, including pricing and network regulation; merchant coverage growing less than expected or the reduction of merchant acceptance or the perception of coverage; increased surcharging, steering, suppression or other differential acceptance practices with respect to the company’s products; merchant discount rates changing from the company’s expectations; and changes in foreign currency exchange rates; • the company’s ability to sustain its momentum and leadership in the premium consumer space, including with Millennial and Gen-Z consumers, and successfully refresh its U.S. Consumer Platinum Card®, which will be impacted in part by competition, levels of consumer demand for premium card products, brand perceptions (including perceptions related to merchant coverage) and reputation, and the company’s ability to develop and market new benefits and value propositions that appeal to Card Members and new customers, grow spending with new and younger age cohort Card Members, offer attractive services and rewards programs and build greater customer loyalty, which will depend in part on identifying and funding investment opportunities, addressing changing customer behaviors, new product innovation and development, Card Member acquisition efforts and enrollment processes, including through digital channels, continuing to realize the benefits from strategic partnerships, successfully implementing the company’s dining strategy and evolving the company’s infrastructure to support new products, services and benefits; and • the company’s ability to build on its leadership in commercial payments and successfully refresh its U.S. Business Platinum Card®, which will depend in part on competition, including from financial technology companies; the willingness and ability of companies to use credit and charge cards for procurement and other business expenditures as well as use the company’s other products and services for financing needs; the acceptance of, and economics related to, B2B payment platforms; the company’s ability to offer attractive value propositions and new products to current and potential customers; the company’s ability to enhance and expand its payment, lending, cash flow and expense management solutions, increase customer engagement, and build out a multi-product digital ecosystem to integrate its broad product set, which is dependent on the company’s continued investment in capabilities, features, functionalities, platforms and technologies and the successful integration of, and marketing of capabilities related to, the company’s Center acquisition; and the success of the company’s initiatives to support businesses, such as Small Business Saturday and other Shop Small campaigns. A further description of these uncertainties and other risks can be found in American Express Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2025 and the company’s other reports filed with the SEC, including in the Form 8-K Cautionary Note. American Express Company Appendix I Reconciliation of Adjusted EPS Excluding Transaction Gain Quarters Ended June 30, Six Months Ended June 30, YoY% Inc/(Dec) YoY% Inc/(Dec) GAAP Diluted EPS $ 4.08 $ 4.15 (2) % $ 7.71 $ 7.48 % Accertify Gain on Sale (pretax) $ — $ 0.73 $ — $ 0.73 Tax Impact of Accertify Gain on Sale $ — $ (0.07) $ — $ (0.07) Accertify Gain on Sale (after tax) $ — $ 0.66 $ — $ 0.66 Adjusted Diluted EPS Excluding the Impact of Accertify Gain $ 4.08 $ 3.49 % $ 7.71 $ 6.82 %

=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

Earnings call transcript: American Express Q2 2025 beats earnings expectations By Investing.com Investing.com - Financial Markets Worldwide Open in App Popular Searches Please try another search Popular News More S&P hits record high as rate hike bets fall on soft PPI data; Cisco weighs on Dow These 2 AI stocks are "extremely undervalued", analyst says Jefferies sees a buying opportunity in this S&P 500 sector Citi’s Chronert says S&P 500 is on the road to 8,100 55% OFF: August Sale 🔥 Sign In Free Sign Up English (UK) English (India) English (Canada) English (Australia) English (South Africa) English (Philippines) English (Nigeria) Deutsch Español (España) Español (México) Français Italiano Nederlands Polski Português (Portugal) Português (Brasil) Русский Türkçe ‏العربية‏ Ελληνικά Svenska Suomi עברית 日本語 한국어 简体中文 繁體中文 Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu ไทย Tiếng Việt हिंदी 55% OFF: August Sale 🔥 Sign In Free Sign Up Markets Indices Indices Futures Major Indices Indices Real-Time World Indices Global Indices Dow Jones Futures S&P 500 Futures Nasdaq Futures S&P 500 Dow Jones Nasdaq 100 DAX FTSE 100 Euro Stoxx 50 Nikkei 225 Stocks Stock Screener Trending Stocks Stocks Picked by AI United States Pre-Market After Hours Earnings Calendar Americas Europe 52 Week High 52 Week Low Most Active Top Gainers Top Losers Undervalued Stocks Overvalued Stocks World ADRs Marijuana Stocks Top Bank Stocks Renewable Energy Stocks Apple Tesla Meta Platforms Amazon.com Microsoft NVIDIA Netflix Pfizer AMD Boeing GameStop Corp AMC Entertainment Nio A ADR Super Micro Computer SpaceX Commodities Real Time Commodities Metals Energy Grains Softs Meats Commodity Indices Gold Crude Oil WTI Brent Oil Silver Natural Gas Copper US Wheat Cryptocurrency All Cryptocurrencies Cryptocurrency Pairs Bitcoin Ethereum Cardano Solana Dogecoin SHIBA INU Polkadot OFFICIAL TRUMP XRP Currency Converter BTC/USD ETH/USD BCH/USD LTC/USD DOGE/USD ETC/USD ETH/BTC XRP/USD pDOTn/USD Bitcoin Futures CME Currencies Currency Rates Single Currency Crosses Live Currency Cross Rates Exchange Rates Table Forward Rates Currency Futures Currency Options EUR/USD GBP/USD EUR/CHF AUD/USD USD/JPY USD/CAD USD/CHF USD/TRY USD/MXN BTC/USD USD/RUB Dollar Index ETFs World ETFs Major ETFs USA ETFs Marijuana ETFs Bitcoin ETFs SPDR S&P 500 iShares MSCI Emerging Markets SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average Invesco QQQ Trust Futures Indices Futures Real Time Commodities Currency Futures Financial Futures Perpetual Futures Silver Gold Dow Jones S&P 500 Funds World Funds Major Funds Vanguard 500 Index Admiral Vanguard Total Bond Market II Index Fund Investor American Funds Capital Income Builder A PIMCO Commodity Real Return Strategy Institutional Bonds US Treasury Yield Curve World Government Bonds Financial Futures Government Bond Spreads Bond Indices Forward Rates World Credit Default Swap Rates (CDS) U.S. 10Y U.S. 30Y U.S. 2Y U.S. 5Y U.S. 3M US 10Y T-Note US 30Y T-Bond Euro Bund Certificates Major Certificates World Certificates SG FTSE MIB Gross TR 5x Daily Short Strategy RT 18 Vontobel 7X Long Fixed Lever on Natural Gas 8.06 BNP Call 500.59 EUR AEX 31Dec99 COMMERZBANK AG Put CAC FUT 05/17 31Dec99 My Watchlist Investing Challenges News Financial News Stock Markets Earnings Analyst Ratings Transcripts Cryptocurrency Commodities Currencies Economy Economic Indicators Breaking News Pro News More In News Latest Most Popular Sports & General World Politics Press Releases Company News Insider Trading Investment Ideas SEC Filings SWOT Analysis Analysis Analysis Market Overview Currencies Stock Markets Commodities Bonds Cryptocurrency ETFs More In Opinion Most Popular Editor's Picks Comics Charts Real Time Charts Live Charts Currency Chart Futures Chart Stocks Chart Indices Chart Cryptocurrency Chart Interactive Currency Chart Interactive Futures Chart Interactive Indices Chart Interactive Stocks Chart Multiple Currency Charts Multiple Indices Charts Technical Tools Technical Summary Technical Analysis Pivot Points Moving Averages Indicators Candlestick Patterns More In Technical Candlestick Patterns Fibonacci Calculator Pivot Point Calculator Brokers Brokers Currency Brokers Stock Brokers Online Brokers Crypto Exchanges More In Brokers Cryptocurrency Brokers Gold IRA Futures Brokers Tools Calendars Economic Calendar Holiday Calendar Earnings Calendar Dividend Calendar Splits Calendar IPO Calendar Futures Expiry Calendar Investment Tools Stock Screener Fed Rate Monitor Tool Currency Converter Fibonacci Calculator More In Tools Currency Correlation Pivot Point Calculator Profit Calculator Margin Calculator Currencies Heat Map Currency Volatility Forward Rates Calculator Mortgage Calculator Academy Education Hub Master Stocks Master Crypto Master Stock Analysis Unlock Company Statistics Top Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Top Gold ETFs Economic Calendar Stock Screener More Prop Trading Stock Prop Trading Firms Alerts Webinars Conferences Trading Guide Central Banks Ad-Free Version Webmaster Tools Broker Blacklist Sentiments Outlook Breaking News Currencies Commodities Stock Markets Economic Indicators Economy Cryptocurrency Insider Trading Company News Earnings Investment Ideas SWOT Analysis Analyst Ratings Transcripts Press Releases Advertisement Advertisement Earnings call transcript: American Express Q2 2025 beats earnings expectations Transcripts Published 07/18/2025, 09:55 AM Earnings call transcript: American Express Q2 2025 beats earnings expectations View all comments (0) Earnings call transcript: American Express Q2 2025 beats earnings expectations View all comments (0) © Reuters. In this article: AXP -0.67% American Express reported robust second-quarter earnings for 2025, surpassing analyst expectations with an EPS of $4.08 against a forecast of $3.87, marking a 5.43% surprise. Revenue also exceeded expectations, reaching $17.86 billion compared to the $17.7 billion forecast. According to InvestingPro data, the company maintains a GOOD financial health score of 2.84, with seven analysts recently revising their earnings estimates upward. Despite these positive results, American Express shares fell 3.17% in pre-market trading, reflecting broader market trends and investor concerns about future growth prospects. Key Takeaways American Express reported record quarterly revenue of $17.9 billion, a 9% increase YoY. EPS reached $4.80, up 17% from the previous year, excluding extraordinary items. The company added 3.1 million new cards in Q2, with strong growth in the U.S. Consumer segment. Shares fell 3.17% in pre-market trading despite earnings beat. Full-year revenue growth guidance reaffirmed at 8-10%. Company Performance American Express demonstrated solid performance in Q2 2025, driven by a 7% increase in total card member spending and a 20% rise in net card fees, adjusted for foreign exchange. The company’s strategic focus on premium card offerings and partnerships, such as the collaboration with Coinbase for digital currency rewards, contributed to its competitive edge. Despite market volatility, American Express maintained a return on equity of 36% for the quarter. Financial Highlights Revenue: $17.9 billion, up 9% YoY Earnings per share: $4.80, up 17% YoY (excluding one-time gains) Net card fees: Increased by 20% (FX adjusted) New cards issued: 3.1 million in Q2 Earnings vs. Forecast American Express exceeded expectations with an EPS of $4.08, surpassing the forecasted $3.87. The revenue surprise was modest at 0.9%, with actual revenue reaching $17.86 billion against a $17.7 billion forecast. This performance marks a continuation of the company’s trend of outperforming market expectations, although the magnitude of the surprise was smaller compared to previous quarters. Market Reaction Despite the positive earnings report, American Express shares dropped 3.17% in pre-market trading, influenced by broader market conditions and investor caution. The stock price fell from a last close of $315.35 to $313.10, moving away from its 52-week high of $329.14. InvestingPro analysis shows the stock trading at a P/E ratio of 21.98, with analyst targets ranging from $255 to $371. This decline reflects investor concerns about future growth sustainability and potential impacts from macroeconomic factors. Outlook & Guidance American Express reaffirmed its full-year revenue growth guidance of 8-10% and projected EPS between $15.0 and $15.5. The company anticipates a moderation in card fee growth in the upcoming quarters and expects the impact of a planned Platinum card fee increase to be felt in 2026. Notably, InvestingPro data reveals the company has maintained dividend payments for 55 consecutive years, with a recent dividend growth of 17.14%. Get access to 10+ additional exclusive ProTips and comprehensive financial analysis through InvestingPro’s detailed research reports, available for 1,400+ top US stocks. Executive Commentary CEO Steve Squeri highlighted the company’s commitment to delivering value, stating, "Consumers will pay for value." He emphasized the importance of customer service, saying, "We treat every customer as if it’s the only customer we have." Squeri also noted the shift in competitive dynamics towards partner-rated value and superior customer experiences. Risks and Challenges Economic Uncertainty: Potential macroeconomic pressures could impact consumer spending. Market Saturation: Increased competition in the premium card segment may limit growth. Regulatory Changes: Future regulatory shifts could affect operations and profitability. Technological Disruptions: Rapid advancements in digital payments pose challenges. Currency Fluctuations: FX volatility could impact international revenue streams. Q&A During the earnings call, analysts questioned the resilience of spending trends and the competitive landscape in the premium card market. Discussions also covered the potential of digital currencies and the company’s strategy for upcoming product refreshes. CEO Squeri addressed these concerns, reiterating the company’s focus on innovation and customer value. Full transcript - American Express (AXP) Q2 2025: Conference Operator : Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the American Express Q2 twenty twenty five Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Head of Investor Relations, Mr. Kartik Ramachandran. Thank you. Please go ahead. Kartik Ramachandran, Head of Investor Relations, American Express : Thank you, Donna, and thank you all for joining today’s call. As a reminder, before we begin, today’s discussion contains forward looking statements about the company’s future business and financial performance. These are based on management’s current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements are included in today’s presentation slides and in our reports on file with the SEC. The discussion today also contains non GAAP financial measures. The comparable GAAP financial measures are included in this quarter’s earnings materials as well as the earnings materials for the prior periods we discuss. All of these are posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com. We’ll begin today with Steve Squeri, Chairman and CEO, who will start with some remarks about the company’s progress and results. And then Christophe Lakayak, Chief Financial Officer, will provide a more detailed review of our financial performance. After that, we’ll move Christophe Lakayak, Chief Financial Officer, American Express : to a Q and A Kartik Ramachandran, Head of Investor Relations, American Express : session on the results with both Steve and Christoph. With that, let me turn it over to Steve. Steve Squeri, Chairman and CEO, American Express : Thank you, Kartik, and good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us on a beautiful Friday morning here in the summer. So thank you. We had another strong quarter. Revenues reached a record $17,900,000,000 up 9% year over year. Earnings per share $4.8 up 17% excluding last year’s gain from the sale of the Certify. Total card member spending was up 7%, which was consistent with the pattern we’ve seen this year, while spend in some of the travel categories like airlines and lodging was softer overall. Spending was a quarterly record. Based on our strong performance year to date, we are reaffirming our full year revenue growth and EPS guidance that we provided in January. Last month, we received the results of the Fed’s annual CCAR process, which set our preliminary stress capital buffer requirement at the lowest permissible level of 2.5%. The results once again demonstrated that we had the lowest projected credit card loss and highest profitability rates under the Fed stress test among all banks subject to CCAR. These results were a testament to the earnings power of our resilient business model and our strong capital position. Looking ahead, we’re very excited about the upcoming refresh of our U. S. Consumer and Business Platinum cards this fall. The competition for premium customers, while always intense, has been especially heated for over a decade. And it’s been a very good thing for our customers, for the category and for us. In fact, the past decade has been one of the very best in terms of growing our premium card portfolios and scaling our card member base. As the industry leader in premium cards, we benefit from the strong interest in the category. The total addressable market is growing at a healthy rate globally, driven by several factors, including our own value proposition innovations, the investments of competitors and generational shifts in the appeal of premium products. As a result, the basis of competition has shifted, especially among affluent consumers away from cash back and no fee products and towards partner rated value, access, experiences and superior customer service where we do excel. We believe we can continue to lead in this space as the category and competitive interest continue to grow. But let me tell you why. To start with, we’ve led the premium card category for over forty years. We achieved that position by creating a multifaceted membership focused business model, which includes a wide range of assets that set us apart and when taken together are very difficult to replicate. To build on our success, we’ve increased our focus on the premium space over the last several years, strategically invested in refreshing our products regularly all around the world. Our refresh strategy focuses on enriching our value propositions with more benefits and offerings in areas of our customers the areas that our customers value most at a price point that delivers outstanding value. A key element of this strategy is our ability to attract a growing number of premier partners who fund offerings to gain access to our large scale high spending customer base. Beyond the individual product value propositions, we’re also constantly evolving our suite of experiences and benefits that set the competitive standard, giving our card member access to over 27,000 of the most sought after restaurants, wineries and other venues through Resy and Top, the largest airport lounge network in the industry, which includes 30 proprietary Centurion lounges today with more on the way as well as access to all Delco lounges, exclusive experiences across sports, fashion and entertainment and a wide range of benefits at over 2,600 premium hotels and resorts worldwide. This strategy has worked especially well for us. For example, in each of the recent refreshes we’ve done for our U. S. Consumer Gold, Delta and Hilton cards over the last two years, customer demand has increased, driving double digit account growth. Revenue growth in each of the three portfolios is up over 30% with card fee revenues up at least 60%. And spend retention remains very high at 98% and we’ve seen no meaningful change after the refreshes. Additionally, the high credit quality of the new customers we’re bringing in has helped us widen the gap between our credit metrics and the rest of the industry. As we look ahead to our U. S. Platinum launches, you can expect to see the same formula, providing the best premium experience to card members with more differentiated benefits and more world class partners joining us to offer card members more value that substantially exceeds the annual fee. Longer term, when you combine our proven product refresh strategy with our global premium customer base at scale, our network of world class partners, our lifestyle oriented membership defined brand and addressable market that is growing at a healthy annual rate globally, especially in key areas we’re focused on the premium sector and younger consumers. These are all the reasons why we believe we have a long runway for growth and can sustain our momentum and our leadership in the premium space going forward. I’ll now turn it over to Christophe to provide more detail on the second quarter results. Christophe Lakayak, Chief Financial Officer, American Express : Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Let me start with the highlights for the quarter on Slide two. As Steve noted, we reported revenue growth of 9% and earnings per share of $4.8 up 17% excluding the gain from Certified last year. On Slide two, you’ll see a list of several notable developments in the quarter. We selected these highlights because they are great indicators of the progress we’re making towards our long term strategy across key areas of the business like technology, partnerships or products. Before we get into the detail of this quarter’s results, let me step back for a moment to reflect on what the trends from this quarter indicate. When you look at our performance across spend, transactions, demand for new cars, retention and credit in the context of the significant macroeconomic and geopolitical developments of the past few months, what you see is remarkable resilience across our customer base. And while there may be a bit of prudence around the edges, this performance indicates the strength of our business model and strategy. Turning to billed business trends. At the overall level, spend was consistent with Q1, up 7% for the quarter. Goods and services spending, which accounts for over 70% of our business, continued to grow at a similar pace to Q1. T and E growth was down a bit versus Q1 driven by softer airline and lodging spend, while restaurant spending continued to be very strong, up 8% FX adjusted. Our fastest growing cohorts kept up their momentum. In The U. S. Consumer business, millennial spend was up 10% and Gen Z spend was growing around 40%, though starting from a smaller base. And our international business continued to grow in double digits, up 12% FX adjusted in the quarter. Transaction growth up 9% is another indicator of strong customer engagement and is largely consistent with what we’ve been seeing over the past few quarters. We acquired 3,100,000 new cars in Q2 within the range of recent quarters. We sometimes get asked how we can sustain this space. Starting this quarter, we are breaking out the number of cars we acquired by segment. As you can see, we’ve acquired about 1,500,000 new cars per quarter in The U. S. Consumer business over the past few quarters. When you compare that to industry wide new account originations, even among customers with FICO scores above six sixty, It’s a relatively small share indicating continued runway for growth. Turning to balance growth and credit. Loans and co member receivables increased 6% year over year FX adjusted growing at a similar pace to build business. This quarter’s results had about a one percentage point impact from the held for sale portfolios that we previously disclosed. Our premium products continue to be the primary driver of that growth with our pay over time and co brand portfolios driving around 80% of growth in card member revolving loans in the quarter. Our growth in premium products over the past few years has further strengthened the credit quality of our portfolio resulting in very strong credit performance. Q2 delinquency and write off rates remained low with delinquency rates flat to Q1, while write off rates declined. Our strong credit performance is remarkable across all age groups. In fact, the delinquency rate for our U. S. Millennial and Gen Z customers are not only better than the industry average for those age groups, but they are also nearly 40% better than the industry average for older age groups. The strength of our premium model also holds in a stressed environment as demonstrated by their Fed CCAR results, which show that we have the highest ROA and lowest credit card loss rate across all banks subject to the stress test. Total provision expense was $1,400,000,000 for the quarter, which includes a reserve build of $222,000,000 reflecting growth in loan volume and a worse macroeconomic outlook. As a reminder, those scenarios used in the reserve model at the end of Q1 did not incorporate the changes in the outlook that we started to see in early April. Turning to revenue on Slide 14, I’ll hit on a few of the key points. FX adjusted revenue growth was 9%, both for the quarter as well as for the first six months of the year. We continue to see strong momentum in net car fees, which reached record levels and were up 20%, FX adjusted again this quarter. The exceptional growth we’ve seen in car fees over the past several years, averaging 17% per year since 2019, really speaks to our strategy as we’ve increased our focus on the premium space. This is the result of first acquiring new customers onto fee based products, then driving strong retention of our customer base, and finally, increasing value through product refreshes and pricing accordingly. The result is a net card fee line that has more than doubled since 2019. Taking a look next at our premium lending business, net interest income grew at a double digit pace against this quarter. One question we sometimes get is around the drivers of our strong growth in NII over the past several years. Starting this quarter, we’ve aimed to give you a picture of how both volume and margin have led to this growth. The takeaway here is that since 2019, a bit more than half of the increase in NII has come from balance sheet growth. This volume growth has been about the same as growth in card member spending. The reason that NII has grown faster than volumes is because we’ve increased the margin generated on these balances. We have achieved that margin expansion by improving pricing for risk, by rolling out more lending features, across our historically painful charge card products and by growing our deposit business. Most importantly, we’ve achieved this growth while maintaining very low credit risk, in fact widening the gap to peers. And looking ahead, we believe we have a long runway for growth in our premium lending business. To sum up our revenue performance, we feel good about the momentum we have halfway through the year with the overall revenue growth tracking in line with our full year guidance. Let’s turn to expense performance on Slide 18. If you think about the way we manage the expense base, we generally expect VCE to grow a bit faster than revenue as a result of the mix shift towards premium products and the investment we make in products to drive acquisition, engagement and strong credit outcomes. At the same time, we look to drive the leverage from marketing and OpEx over time as we generate efficiencies and economy of scale. That continues to be how you should think about our expense base for the full year. In Q2, VCE expenses grew a bit faster than revenue and marketing grew in the mid single digits. OpEx excluding Ascertify was up 9% in the quarter, a bit higher than our expectation coming into the year. The year over year growth is predominantly driven by investment in our enterprise risk management capabilities and technology as the company scales. Looking ahead, for the full year, we expect OpEx growth to be in the mid single digits versus last year, except Certify, predominantly driven by the weaker dollar. As you think about the ability of our business model to drive expense leverage, I’d note that since 2023, we have driven four points of operating leverage with operating expenses as a percentage of revenue down from 25% in 2023 to 21% this quarter. Moving on to capital. Our CET1 ratio was 10.6% within our 10% to 11% target range. We returned $2,000,000,000 of capital to our shareholders including $600,000,000 of dividends and $1,400,000,000 of share repurchases. In Q1, we increased our dividend by 17%. Based on the CCAR results, our preliminary stress capital buffer requirement remains at 2.5%, the lowest prescribed level allowing us to continue executing our disciplined capital management strategy while returning excess capital to our shareholders. Our business continues to generate very strong returns with an ROE of 36% in the quarter providing us with capital flexibility. That brings me to our 2025 guidance. We’re now halfway through the year having delivered 9% FX adjusted revenue growth and EPS of $7.71 Trends across the business have been largely stable. While there continues to be uncertainty in how the coming quarters will play out, we have increased confidence in our path forward. As a result, we are reaffirming our full year guidance of revenue growth of 8% to 10% and earnings per share between fifteen percent and €15.5 With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Kartik and we’ll take your questions. Kartik Ramachandran, Head of Investor Relations, American Express : Thank you, Christophe. Before we open up the lines for Q and A, I will ask those in the queue to please limit yourself to just one question. Thank you for your cooperation. And with that, the operator will now open up the line for questions. Operator? Conference Operator : Our first question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani of KBW. Please go ahead. Sanjay Sakhrani, Analyst, KBW : Thank you. Good morning. Steve, Christophe, I know build business trends have been pretty resilient in the face of this uncertainty on the macro side. I’m just curious how you guys are planning for maybe just the intermediate term on spending trends. I assume it’s stable, but what gets things going? I know SMB has been sort of the hardest hit, airline spend as well. And if I could just ask on that same vein on SMB, maybe you could just address that Amazon portfolio loss and sort of how we should think about how that plays into SMB? Thanks. Steve Squeri, Chairman and CEO, American Express : Yes. So I think you know, look, I think the we’re just planning for it to continue to be consistent as it is. And, I don’t know what gets it going. I’m not sure anybody really knows what gets it going. We live we live in uncertain times, but I think people are continuing to live their lives. And and and, you know, what we’re seeing right now is, very consistent spending. You’re seeing a little bit of a slowdown in airline, not necessarily front of the cabin. You’re seeing a little bit of a slowdown in lodging, but again, not necessarily on the high transactions, which which are up. But goods and services continue to be resilient and, you know, our our Gen Zs and our millennials continue to be, consistent. So, and obviously, we’ve said all along, it really had nothing to do with the stock market. When the stock market was all the way down, people continue to spend what they’re spending now. The stock market is high, people are continuing to spend what they are now. We’re just going to ride this out as it is and I think it’s going to continue to be very, very consistent. In terms and look, in terms of the Amazon portfolio and other portfolios that happen, Amazon and Lowe’s as well, they’re both good card accepting merchants and we’re going to continue to do business with them. But sometimes things just don’t work out economically. And I think one of the things that we’ve seen in this in this space, unlike in the in the T and E space is you’ve seen portfolios move in retail. I mean, it’s not an unusual thing to see portfolios move in retail. And, for us, it just it really just wasn’t working out. And that’s just the way it is. I don’t think it really is going to have much of an impact from an SMB perspective for us either one of those portfolios. I think from SMB, I think SMBs are a little bit more circumspect, I I think, than the consumers are right now. And so, you know, not buying maybe as much inventory and maybe not and not spending as much. And so I think, they’re going to need probably a little bit more assurance from an economic perspective longer term, for that to get going. So, but having said all that, I think from an SMB perspective, while billings are probably not where we want them to be, our revenue from this segment continues to be strong. Our credit metrics continue to be strong. Our lending book is strong and fee based business So overall, we’re happy with SMB. We’d like to see more billings. Christophe Lakayak, Chief Financial Officer, American Express : Sanjay. Just add one thing in terms of the billing and the outlook. One of the things that provides support to our billing growth is the strength of our new account origination. And you certainly saw that we added a little bit more disclosures and details on our new cars acquired and 3,100,000 new cards this quarter and 1,500,000 in The U. S. Consumer. So we see a lot of stability there. And with the upcoming launch of the Platinum Card, that gives us confidence in our ability to originate new cards in the balance of the year that will certainly support the billing growth. Conference Operator : Thank you. The next question is coming from Ryan Nash of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Ryan Nash, Analyst, Goldman Sachs : Good morning, everyone. Christophe Lakayak, Chief Financial Officer, American Express : Good morning. Good morning. Ryan Nash, Analyst, Goldman Sachs : So Steve, you know, you spent a decent amount of time talking about the refresh of The US platinum that’s coming in the fall. We obviously had a refresh from Chase, Citi is coming out of the new card, obviously, cost coming out after that part of the market. Now I know that it’s always competitive, but how do you think about the risk of too many players going after the same customer? Many of them are copying your value proposition. And inevitably, what do you think this means for pricing power over time? Thank you. Steve Squeri, Chairman and CEO, American Express : May the best company win. That’s what I think. Look, I think that it really hasn’t it’s not all that different. I mean, remember, Citi took a hiatus for a while. I mean, you know, when you when you think about this space over the last ten years, it’s been extremely competitive. You know, and you you saw that Chase Chase came out. It was like October ago. And since that time, we’ve done three refreshes and Citi was in the market and then they popped out. Now they’re back in. So and you have Capital One. But I think what’s happened is this focus by the banks in general and us on this premium space has been good for customers. I think it’s been good overall for the industry. And if you look at the track record, it’s been really good for us. I think since our last refresh, we’ve pretty much doubled our base. I think what what what the industry has proven is that consumers will pay for value. And as long as you’re delivering value, I think you still you still have that pricing power. I mean, I think it’s all about I think when you look at who who we’re all acquiring here, and we’re acquiring, you know, lots of lots of Gen Zs and and and lots of millennials with these cards, they’re very value conscious. And they look at this and they basically say, look, know, for whatever the fee may be, I’m getting the value. And if they don’t feel they get the value from the platinum card, they can look at the gold card and and and they get that. So I think it’s good for the industry. I think pricing power is much more tied to the value that you provide. And I think as I said before, as long as we continue to do what we’re doing, which is I believe offer the best product in the industry and leverage the assets that we do have, some of them I’m obviously not going go through again, I mentioned them in my opening remarks. I think we’re going to be continue to be in good shape. I think you know, for anybody in this space, complacency is is a is a is a death nail, and you can’t be complacent, which is why we’re on a, you know, a very regular cycle of of of refreshing these products. And anybody thinks that we’re refreshing the product in response to, you know, what, you know, what, our competitors are doing is crazy. We have our own we have our own schedule. And and I think, you know, we’ll we’ll see what we see in the fall, but we feel really good about, what we’re gonna launch on both products, Consumer and Small Business. Conference Operator : You. The next question is coming from Mark DeVries of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Mark DeVries, Analyst, Deutsche Bank : Yes, thanks. I had a related question on the upcoming Platinum refresh. I know you’re not going to preview it now, but I was just wondering if you could just comment kind of qualitatively. Should we expect the same type of meaningful step up in added value relative to the fee that we’ve seen in past refreshes? And then also how do you just think about the risk that as you do that you’re kind of asking more of the customer to both kind of track what all those incremental sources of value and engage more deeply to kind of justify the added step up in fee? Steve Squeri, Chairman and CEO, American Express : Well, I’ll tell you what, if you don’t tell anybody, I’ll give you the preview. The look, I think that yes, look, I’m not going to get into ratios here, but what I would say is our strategy has always been to if we do raise the fee, it has always been to add incrementally a lot more value. In terms of so yes, that’s the same playbook. In terms of as you think about the consumer, years ago when we used to do these things, we used to try and figure out how consumer couldn’t use the products and services. But what we find is we make these things really easy for consumers to use now. And we make it such that it’s a wide range of value. And so while not every consumer will use 100% of the value, Getting back to your second point, we have enough disparity in the price and the value that you don’t need to use all the value to get the value out of the product. Brian Foran, Analyst, Truist Securities : And that’s a lot Steve Squeri, Chairman and CEO, American Express : of value words there. But and that’s what we’ll continue to do. And I think that one of the things that we’ve done here is we really have expanded over our last refresh the set of services and benefits and premium partners that are in the product. And, you know, not every card member uses uses every benefit. But but that’s okay because it gives people the opportunity to pick and choose, but they do use enough of the of the services and the benefits that it more than outweighs whatever fee they’re gonna pay. Christophe Lakayak, Chief Financial Officer, American Express : And maybe just to build on, you know, the how this is gonna play out in the financials, the way to think about it, Mark, is that as we launch the new value proposition, you should expect to see a step up in the cost of card member services. And as you know, what we do is just like we wait until the renewal anniversary of the card member to increase, you know, to move the card member to the new price point. So so and then we amortize it over twelve months. So the cost of card member services moves kind of like immediately, and it takes, that maximum two years for the card fee benefit to flow through the P and L. But all of that was kind of like built in our guidance, in our planning and expectations since the very beginning. Conference Operator : Thank you. The next question is coming from Don Fandetti of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Mark DeVries, Analyst, Deutsche Bank : Yes. Steve, can you talk a little bit about international in terms of your acceptance growth and how you’re tracking versus your targets and maybe a bit on the competitive dynamics? I think you generally felt like it’s less competitive internationally. Steve Squeri, Chairman and CEO, American Express : Well, I know about less competitive. I think international has its own own set of challenges and own set of regulations. I think sometimes the regulations can make it a little less maybe a little less interesting for certain players to get into the market. But overall, we feel really good about international. I mean, look, it’s been double digit growth. I don’t know how many it takes a couple of years after COVID. It’s been double digit growth since international really opened up again. And for us, we’ve been focusing on a small set of those. We talk about the five big markets that we focus on, and we’ve been doing really well there. We talk about our Citi strategy, and that’s on track from a coverage perspective. And we continue to add millions and millions of merchants internationally and we will continue to do that. So I think our acceptance gets better day by day. And we feel good about the progress that we’ve made and we’ll talk about a lot of that I think when we have our next Investor Day. But international continues to make great strides. And I think it’s ultimately a huge source of growth for us because when you look at the international markets, premium plays really well in a lot of cases, just about every market actually. Our premium products are priced higher than they are in The U. S. And I think when you look at our share internationally, it’s very, very low. And the other part about it, when you look at small business, which I think there’s big opportunity for us in small business, it really is a market that’s really nascent at this point. So we’re very excited about international and we’re getting those growths with coverage that is still improving. Conference Operator : Thank you. The next question is coming from Erika Najarian of UBS. Please go ahead. Erika Najarian, Analyst, UBS : Hi, good morning. I thought I’d ask the question that I’ve been getting and it’s that it’s almost that you you’ve become a victim of your success a little bit. You know, given your premium valuation and, you know, your previous performance, you know, it feels like there’s sort of a bearish case out there building for building on the stock. Meaning, like, you know, you’ve raised the bar on yourself. So so what’s next? And I guess the question that I have here is is how do you address that? You know, you you talked a little bit, Steve, about the spend, little bit of slowdown in airline spend, a little bit of slowdown in lodging. But obviously, you also have this platinum refresh. So as you think about maybe spend not accelerating, how does American Express continue to deliver this 8% to 10% revenue growth, continued consistency in build businesses, perhaps in an environment where the macro the underlying spend is not necessarily accelerating? And like Brian said, you know, all of a sudden, have fierce competition, even fiercer competition, among your peers for your, natural client base. Steve Squeri, Chairman and CEO, American Express : Well, I think, you know, we’ve been getting this question for, you know, a number of years now, and we’ve been continuing to to deliver against that. But, you know, and again, I’ve been around this business a long, long time, and I’m not so sure it’s much fiercer the competition than than it was. I think, you know, there may be a little bit more noise around it. People may talk about it, but when you’re in the trenches, the competition is there. And I think, look, for us, we continue to deliver the EPS we need to deliver, and we continue to deliver within that revenue range. And we’re a hell of a lot bigger company than we were when we set these targets out. I mean, you know, when you when you look at this, the numbers that we’re putting up year over year continue to be, if I may say, quite impressive. But I think for us, it all starts with the customer. And I think what people lose sight of is customers are not widgets. Customers are people that you really need to focus on what their true needs are. You need to provide phenomenal service and you need to be there for them. And to us, customers we treat every customer as if it’s the only customer we have. And if you ever call into our servicing center, there is quite a difference between how American Express treats their customers and how a lot of our competitors treat our customer their customers. It is a it is a huge difference. I think the other thing that I would say is, you know, when you think about sort of what we’re doing with this product refresh strategy, it’s not just platinum. You know, we we’ve refreshed hundreds of products over the course of the last few years, and we’ll continue to refresh hundreds of products around the world. And so, you know, look, the bearish case can continue, you know, to develop, but we will continue to do what we do best, which is focus on our customers, continue to create innovative products and services and continue to make investments that are providing returns to our shareholders. You know, look, I I mean, as I said, I’ve been around a long time. I think the the competitive environment to me hasn’t been all that much different than it’s been for the last ten years. I think there’s probably a lot more press about it, But we feel it every single day and I think it Brian Foran, Analyst, Truist Securities : makes us a lot better. Conference Operator : You. The next question is coming from Rick Shane of JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Rick Shane, Analyst, JPMorgan : I just want to follow-up on Christophe’s point about the timing of revenues and expenses associated with the refresh. The revenue explanation was very helpful. Can you talk about the timing of expenses associated with it? Have you pulled some of that forward in anticipation? Or should we see a step function over the next year or two consistent with what you’re describing on the revenue side? Christophe Lakayak, Chief Financial Officer, American Express : So we haven’t pulled anything either from the very beginning. This was our plan and we plan accordingly and guided accordingly. So maybe let me kind of like reiterate what I just said previously, right? So what you should expect is an increase in our cost of card member services after the launch of the platinum card, so most likely, say, in Q4. And the card fee increases will take a little bit more time to filter through the P and L. And all in all, this will be value accretive for us and for our shareholders. Steve Squeri, Chairman and CEO, American Express : Yes. I mean just to say it really simplistically, the expenses come before the revenues here. Right? Because what happens is once we relaunch, the card members have the ability to take advantage of those benefits on day one. They don’t get billed if there’s an increase in the fee until they come up to their cycle. And those those fees are recognized over a twelve month period. They’re not recognized in the in the month that you get billed, but yet the benefits. And that’s that’s a huge benefit to our cardholders, and it’s something that we plan for, it’s something that we’ve always done. Conference Operator : The next question is coming from Jeff Adelson of Morgan Stanley. Kartik Ramachandran, Head of Investor Relations, American Express 0: Hey. Good morning, Steve and Christophe. Just just wanted to focus on the airline lounges. Obviously, that’s, you know, a really important part of the MX offering. But I guess longer term as you, you know, kind of continue to put up this really robust growth in card members, do you navigate some of the concerns about lounge access and overcrowding? Is that something you’ll maybe to look to address in the next round of refresh? You know, we’ve continued seemingly to see a step up in competition from the likes of Chase and Capital One with their own build out. And I and I think there’s been more of a focus from the airlines lately, to to kind of build their own offering or enhance their own offering. So I guess, how do you think about navigating that competition longer term and just maybe addressing the concern of overcrowding? Thanks. Steve Squeri, Chairman and CEO, American Express : Yes. I think that, look, what we’ve tried to do is a couple of things. Number one, we’ve tried to like a Brian Foran, Analyst, Truist Securities : lot of the airlines done and a lot Steve Squeri, Chairman and CEO, American Express : of the other cards have done, we did this probably before people did it, but provide some priority. The other thing is we’re built we’re trying to make the lounges bigger. I think this whole lounge game has been a boon for airport authorities in terms of how many lounges they can put in. And the other thing we get innovative, look, in Vegas, we just did what we call sidecar, right, which is a more of a small kind of, I don’t know, maybe call it a speakeasy kind of of lounge where if you just want to go in for a quick drink or grab something quickly, you you can you can do that. And I think we work really, really closely with our partner Delta, in in those airports where we have, you know, either we don’t have a lounge or we do have, lounges together to try and to try and move move traffic around a little bit. But I think you’ll continue to see more innovation here. You’ll look at more expansion of existing lounges where we can get space, and you’ll look at a strategy that looks at satellite locations so that we can handle the demand that we get. Conference Operator : Thank you. The next question is coming from Brian Foran of Truist Securities. Please go ahead. Brian Foran, Analyst, Truist Securities : Hey, good morning guys. Christophe Lakayak, Chief Financial Officer, American Express : Good morning. Brian Foran, Analyst, Truist Securities : So I wanted to ask about one other pushback I keep getting on the stock lately. And before I do, these slides you’re adding like slide twelve and nine, I Kartik Ramachandran, Head of Investor Relations, American Express 1: think it was 16, Brian Foran, Analyst, Truist Securities : you know, kind of addressing the investor issues head on and giving that next level of detail. I really appreciate it. They’re great. So I I wanna get that context too that I think you guys have been really open and kind of sharing your thought process on these key pushbacks. So the other one I get is, you know, if you do this walk, spend volume is plus seven, but then discount is a little lower plus five. And then if you back out rewards to do discounts, you know, with rewards as a contra, it’s, like, plus one to two. And then some people are even backing out new account, contribution and saying, like, well, discount, net of rewards, net of new accounts is actually slight negative. And I know that’s like net of eight things and your actual revenue is growing. But maybe you could just speak to any part of that dynamic for investors who are focused on kind of the discount revenue being a little lower, the discount revenue net of rewards being a little lower still. How would you think about that? Is that a valid concern? Or is that a wrong path to go down? Steve Squeri, Chairman and CEO, American Express : Well, Christophe will answer. But the one thing I would say is thinking about only one component of revenue associated with rewards is not really how we think about it. We think about overall revenue associated Brian Foran, Analyst, Truist Securities : with it, but I’ll Christophe Lakayak, Chief Financial Officer, American Express : let Chris also sort of go. Hey, Brian. So the way we think about this and this type of decision and relationships between the expenses and the revenue, and we’ve been very transparent on it, right, probably more so than many competitors is the VCE ratio to revenue, variable customer engagement expenses as ratio to revenue. And we’ve provided a lot of details and transparency on the makeup of this VCE ratio, and that has been like pretty stable over the years. And as we’ve said, this is not an objective function for us. This is an outcome. We make decisions product by product by product. And here’s what you should not do. You should not equate a low VCE ratio to something positive because the highest VCE ratios that we have are now more premium, more attractive, more value accretive products, right? Because we get a lot of that investment back in the form of efficiencies on the marketing line, in the form importantly of credit and positive selection on the credit line. So the overall balance is, your point, is a complicated one. We think we’re really good at managing that balance and finding the optimum point to generate value, to generate growth and sustainable value for our shareholders. So I don’t quite follow your math, but I think we’ve got a good control over that expense to revenue ratio component. We are managing it thoughtfully. And every time there’s a product refresh, that’s where we spend a lot of our time in finance to find the right balance. So I think we you shouldn’t worry too much about where this is going and where it’s trending. We feel that we’re in a good place there. Conference Operator : Thank you. The next question is coming from Moshe Orenbuch of TD Cowen. Please go ahead. Kartik Ramachandran, Head of Investor Relations, American Express 2: Great. Thanks. And apologies for going back to the competition kind of issue. But if you put together the questions from a couple of people and, Steve, your answers, you know, to them, I guess, I what what strikes me is that this may be the first time that you’re doing this US platinum refresh kind of into the teeth of a competitive environment. And you’ve got crosscurrents. Obviously, you have in the past benefited from some of the advertising and marketing of your competitors. And at the same time, there is this idea of kind of competing for a limited number of people. So could you is there a way to just talk about how you think it’s going to play out this time versus others in terms of what you kind of are expecting? Any kind of things that you’re thinking about that would differentiate your set of product refreshes from what you’ve seen from those competitors? Well, Steve Squeri, Chairman and CEO, American Express : I would disagree with the characterization. It’s the first time we’re playing into the teeth of it. Actually, we did, our first the first platinum refresh well, one of the platinum refresh we did ten years ago, Chase just launched Sapphire, with a huge, huge bang. I mean, the amount of money and the amount of press that they got with that and the with the with the intensity they went after our book, we played right into it. And the second one, we were around the same time. So I don’t think it’s that much different. And really, if you think about it right now, Citi hasn’t said when. And they’re coming off of not having a not really having a product, and Chase is refreshing their product. So I think it’s it’s actually, if I if I look at it, it’s probably less intense this time than it was ten years ago because I think there was so much so much hype around Chase coming out with this new card versus this is being an upgrade. That’s just my opinion. Having said that, I’ll just go back to what I said. I think we’ve learned a lot, and we believe that what we’re going to come out with will be more than hold its own, be very, very competitive and we’ll continue to be innovative. And we’ll just going to have to wait and see. You guys are going to have to wait and see because I can’t really go into more detail in that contrasting the two. All I can do is basically say every time we’ve done this, it’s worked out pretty well for us. And I think it’s worked out pretty well for consumers and it’s worked out well for the industry. But I just the characterization of this is different, I don’t think that’s the case at all. Conference Operator : Thank you. The next question is coming from Mihir Bhatia of Bank of America. Please go ahead. Kartik Ramachandran, Head of Investor Relations, American Express 1: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. So it is about it is another question on this, you know, and premium card space. Steve Squeri, Chairman and CEO, American Express : But really, what I would like Kartik Ramachandran, Head of Investor Relations, American Express 1: to focus maybe a little bit on is you’ve talked about how the customer value propositions have changed and evolved. But how has this impacted the acquisition strategies? Is it becoming more expensive to attract these fee paying customers? Is the acquisition mix changing? And really putting it all together at the end of the day, our returns in the premium card space, stable, increasing, decreasing because, like, yes, value propositions are increasing, but fees are increasing, card usage is increasing. So I’m just trying to get a sense of that. Thank you. Christophe Lakayak, Chief Financial Officer, American Express : So I can, I can help you a little bit with that? You know, the the way this competition is materializing is that it’s expanding the demand for premium products. So it’s definitely giving us the opportunity to deploy more marketing dollars at very, very attractive returns. That’s the way it’s materializing, right? Because there are a lot more consideration now among the prospect population for premium products than there was ten years ago, where we were the only player in that space. And every time card members look at or consider either platinum card or premium card, they consider the platinum card. It’s almost inevitable. And so that opens up an opportunity for us to put an offer in front of them. So the biggest benefit for us here like it’s really hard to compare the ROI ten years ago to the ROI today, but the level of marketing dollars, the quantity of marketing dollars we’re deploying today is much bigger than what we were doing, say, ten years ago. And I attribute a lot of that to a lot more activity in the marketplace, a lot more competition. Conference Operator : Thank you. The next question is coming from Terry Ma of Barclays. Please go ahead. Kartik Ramachandran, Head of Investor Relations, American Express 3: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. I just wanted to ask about net card fee growth. It continues to be strong coming in at 20% year over year this quarter. As we think about the go forward, should the Platinum refresh be kind of additive to that growth or just kind of sustain it as you lap some of the refreshes from last year? Thank you. Christophe Lakayak, Chief Financial Officer, American Express : Yes. So it’s a complicated dynamic, Terry. But you might remember at the beginning of the year, we said that you should expect the card fee growth rate to kind of like moderate in the balance of the year. We still believe that’s going to happen. So you should expect to see that in Q3 and Q4. And given the previous conversations that we had about the timing of the platinum fee increase, it’s only sometimes in the New Year in 2026 that you should see that inflection point and a bit more acceleration. But you should still expect some moderation in the back of this year in terms of that, card fee growth rates. Conference Operator : Thank you. The next question is coming from Craig Moore of ST Partners. Please go ahead. Kartik Ramachandran, Head of Investor Relations, American Express 4: Yes. Hi, thanks. Wanted competition aside and Amex’s right to win aside, wanted to ask about how perhaps the mix of new acquisition is changing. And the reason why I’m asking is, does the slowdown in travel spend put at risk the fantastic new acquisition channels you have with your co brand partners like Marriott and Delta? Do we have to think about that at all when it comes to net new card growth? And just secondly, just quickly on the EPS guide, you had nice outperformance in EPS, but am I just reading it correctly that the projected increase in VCE spend as a percentage of revenue in the back half of the year, which seems to be related at least in part to the Platinum refresh is what’s keeping you from raising the range? Thanks. Christophe Lakayak, Chief Financial Officer, American Express : So under hi, Craig. Under on the acquisition mix, there’s been there’s not been like a big change in terms of our mix over the past few quarters and like almost, let’s say, over the past few years. Right? And one way, you know, we’re trying to characterize it for you is just by calling out the percentage of these new cards that are coming on a fee paying product, right, and has been in that 70% range for a few quarters now. And I don’t really expect to see a change there. To your second question about the earnings per share and the VCE in the balance of the year. So listen, we’re not giving guidance specifically, let alone quarter by quarter on the VCE ratio. There’s just like so many moving parts here and we’re also lapping some product refreshes from the past. So the way I think about that VCE ratio over time, it’s not new. It’s just you should expect that VCE ratio to slightly tick up over time as more and more as the mix, not only in terms of acquisition, but in terms of engagement of the portfolio is trending a lot more towards premium product and fee paying product. So that’s going to put a little bit of upward pressure on the VCE ratio. But that’s as far I would go in terms of commenting on where this is going to go in the balance of the year. Conference Operator : Thank you. Our final question is coming from Chris Kennedy of William Blair. Please go ahead. Kartik Ramachandran, Head of Investor Relations, American Express 5: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to change the topic a little bit. You have the announcement with Coinbase and Amex Ventures does a lot of investing in the space. Can you just give your latest views on stablecoin and implementing blockchain technology into your tech stack? Steve Squeri, Chairman and CEO, American Express : Yes. Well, let me just talk about sort of stablecoin. I think it’s been a lot of conversation around stablecoin and cryptocurrencies and what have you. And I think when you start to look at digital currencies, we’ve got the cryptocurrencies, XRP, Bitcoin, Ethereum and things like that. I think that has sort of proven out that that’s not really going to take the place of any fiat currency. It’s more of a sort of an investment vehicle at this point. And I think as we’ve said for a long time now that when you think about digital currencies, need to think about sort of stablecoins and you need to think about government digital currencies. And it looks like now, while there hasn’t really been a lot of progress on government digital currencies, there has been a lot of activity, at least a lot of noise around stablecoins. And I think there is a role in the payment systems for stablecoins. There is a role in the value system for cryptocurrencies. And I think when you when you look at what we did, with Coinbase, as we see stable coins, stable coins, we believe, will be used for lots of cross border transactions, small businesses, things like that. But remember, with stablecoins, you are trapping that liquidity and you do need off ramps. And I think the partnership that we have with Coinbase does two things. Number one, it does provide that off ramp. But number two, what they’ve decided to do from a rewards perspective is allow you to earn digital currency. And obviously, they’re one of the largest keepers digital currencies. And so I think that’s a really interesting thing. As we think about stablecoins a little bit into the future here, you can see this as a way for SMBs, large corporations to do cross border transactions, especially when you are doing lots of cross border transactions with the same group of people. Just you avoid all the currency all the currency conversion. It makes it a lot easier to do business, I think, potentially cross border. That’s not a big sort of revenue driver for us, foreign currency exchange and currency revenue for us. But it is an opportunity and it’s one that we are seriously looking at and potentially to figure out how we think about either partnering or how we think about our own foray into stablecoins, especially for small businesses where we do have a large share. So I think there’s a lot more to come here. Think the bill will be signed today in terms of overall regulation, and there’s more to play out. But I think what you will see is companies like American ExpressVisa and Mastercard, being off ramps for digital currencies. And I think that’s an important part that we play. Will they replace the existing payment rails? No. They were not going to replace the existing payment rails. Are they a good proxy and good change and a good alternative to ACH and swift payments and wires and things like that? I think so. And the reason I don’t believe they’re going to replace what we have today is what we have today is not broken. It provides lots of other benefits such as rewards. It provides contingent liability in terms of lending, and it also provides lots of dispute resolution and things like that and tremendous acceptance. And it’s just easy to use. So, that’s probably all I have to say to say on that, but, it is something that we are working with and we’ll continue to monitor and just figure out what’s the right entry point for us. But we felt and we’re very happy about our partnership with Coinbase and I think we’re going to be able to do some good things with them. Kartik Ramachandran, Head of Investor Relations, American Express : With that, we will bring the call to an end. Thank you again for joining today’s call and for your continued interest in American Express. The IR team will be available for any follow-up questions. Conference Operator : Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the webcast replay will be available on our Investor Relations website at ir.americanexpress.com shortly after the call. You can also access a digital replay of the call at (877) 660-6853 or (201) 612-7415, access code +1 after 1PM Eastern Time on July 18 through July 25. This article was generated with the support of AI and reviewed by an editor. For more information see our T&C. Earnings call transcript: American Express Q2 2025 beats earnings expectations View all comments (0) Latest comments Post Comment Guidelines Trade With A Regulated Broker Indices Commodities Bonds Stocks US 30 53,732.90 -37.3 -0.07% US 500 7,792.10 +43.6 +0.56% Dow Jones 53,728.92 -41.35 -0.08% S&P 500 7,792.07 +43.54 +0.56% Nasdaq 26,790.20 +201.71 +0.76% S&P 500 VIX 14.74 +0.19 +1.31% Dollar Index 99.875 -0.024 -0.02% Crude Oil WTI Futures 81.96 -1.31 -1.57% Brent Oil Futures 87.74 -1.24 -1.39% Natural Gas Futures 2.728 -0.076 -2.71% Gold Futures 4,417.47 -50.03 -1.12% Silver Futures 64.903 -0.797 -1.21% Copper Futures 6.6053 -0.0102 -0.15% US Soybeans Futures 1,183.13 +0.13 +0.01% U.S. 10Y 4.635 -0.057 -1.21% U.S. 30Y 5.216 -0.031 -0.59% U.S. 5Y 4.32 -0.055 -1.26% U.S. 3M 3.792 -0.010 -0.26% US 10Y T-Note Futures 108.89 +0.34 +0.32% Euro Bund Futures 124.98 +0.32 +0.26% 10-2 Yield Spread 31.32 +4.15 +15.27% AAPL 303.21 +0.96 +0.32% NVDA 225.33 +1.24 +0.55% GOOGL 345.67 +2.13 +0.62% TSLA 336.16 +8.65 +2.64% AMZN 265.35 -1.93 -0.72% NFLX 77.14 +2.93 +3.95% META 587.97 +9.12 +1.58% Advertisement Investing Challenges Join our investing challenges and compete for rewards while you learn! Take the Challenge Most Popular Articles News Analysis S&P hits record high as rate hike bets fall on soft PPI data; Cisco weighs on Dow By Investing.co ... Aug 13, 2026 These 2 AI stocks are "extremely undervalued", analyst says By Investing.co ... Aug 13, 2026 Jefferies sees a buying opportunity in this S&P 500 sector By Investing.co ... Aug 13, 2026 Citi’s Chronert says S&P 500 is on the road to 8,100 By Investing.co ... Aug 13, 2026 Our AI knew it: +43%, 30%, these stocks posted massive earnings, and keep climbing By Investing.co ... Aug 13, 2026 9 Discounted Stocks That Could Outperform in a Value Rotation By David Wagner Aug 13, 2026 The Gold–S&P 500 Reset: Yellow Metal’s Outperformance Has Far to Run By Edward Wu Aug 12, 2026 US CPI Preview: Will Inflation Tip the Scales on a Fed Rate Hike Next Month? By Matthew Well ... Aug 12, 2026 S&P 500 Forecast: What Do Record Highs and a Low VIX Mean Historically? By Matthew Well ... Aug 11, 2026 July Inflation Print Puts Rally on Trial as Stocks Eye Record Highs By Ali Merchant Aug 11, 2026 More News Market Movers Most Active Gainers % Losers % Name Last Chg. % Vol. SNDK 1,566.99 +16.57% 16.39M MU 974.28 +6.91% 26.34M NVDA 225.33 +0.55% 57.89M SPCX 141.92 -2.89% 76.39M INTC 105.45 +4.46% 72.09M NBIS 252.48 -2.59% 26.55M AAPL 303.21 +0.32% 20.97M Name Last Chg. % Vol. SNDK 1,566.99 +16.57% 16.39M WDC 494.25 +8.84% 5.94M MU 974.28 +6.91% 26.34M SMCI 39.97 +6.27% 92.62M LRCX 344.24 +5.56% 4.45M MRVL 229.10 +5.53% 12.90M STX 923.85 +5.20% 2.58M Name Last Chg. % Vol. TPR 131.02 -14.78% 5.29M CSCO 113.07 -8.73% 38.76M PDD 84.31 -5.31% 4.76M MOS 21.68 -4.09% 3.28M ULTA 514.12 -3.34% 404.12K NEM 113.79 -3.44% 3.86M AMTM 21.78 -3.29% 919.80K Advertisement Trending Stocks Name Last Chg. % Vol. SPCX 141.92 -2.89% 76.39M NBIS 252.48 -2.59% 26.55M MU 974.28 +6.91% 26.34M SMCI 39.97 +6.27% 92.62M SNDK 1,566.99 +16.57% 16.39M Show more Advertisement ProPicks AI AI-powered stock picks with a proven track record to beat the S&P 500 . Tech Titans Stocks in this Strategy aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a Unlock Strategy Top Value Stocks Stocks in this Strategy aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a Unlock Strategy Best of Buffett Stocks in this Strategy aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a Unlock Strategy Energy Elite Stocks in this Strategy aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a Unlock Strategy Financial Fortresses Stocks in this Strategy aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a Unlock Strategy Quality Compounders Stocks in this Strategy aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a Unlock Strategy Small-Cap Sprinters Stocks in this Strategy aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a Unlock Strategy Healthcare Heroes Stocks in this Strategy aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a Unlock Strategy Beat the S&P 500 Stocks in this Strategy aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a Unlock Strategy Dominate the Dow Stocks in this Strategy aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a Unlock Strategy Mid-Cap Movers Stocks in this Strategy aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a Unlock Strategy Mexican Stock Exchange Leaders Stocks in this Strategy aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a Unlock Strategy Best Brazilian Stocks Stocks in this Strategy aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a Unlock Strategy Italian Market Elite Stocks in this Strategy aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a Unlock Strategy Alpha Germany Select Stocks in this Strategy aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a aaaa aaaaa aaaa a Unlock Strategy Comments Post Comment Guidelines Tools Calendars Economic Calendar Earnings Calendar Holiday Calendar US Economy Fed Rate Monitor Tool US Treasury Yield Curve More Tools Stock Screener Currency Converter Markets Ask WarrenAI Stocks Picked by AI Watchlist Alerts Top Brokers Breaking News Tools Install Our App Scan QR code to install app Google Play App Store Follow us About Us Advertise Help & Support Authors Blog Mobile Portfolio Widgets Risk Disclosure: Trading in financial instruments and/or cryptocurrencies involves high risks including the risk of losing some, or all, of your investment amount, and may not be suitable for all investors. Prices of cryptocurrencies are extremely volatile and may be affected by external factors such as financial, regulatory or political events. Trading on margin increases the financial risks. Before deciding to trade in financial instrument or cryptocurrencies you should be fully informed of the risks and costs associated with trading the financial markets, carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite, and seek professional advice where needed. Fusion Media would like to remind you that the data contained in this website is not necessarily real-time nor accurate. The data and prices on the website are not necessarily provided by any market or exchange, but may be provided by market makers, and so prices may not be accurate and may differ from the actual price at any given market, meaning prices are indicative and not appropriate for trading purposes. Fusion Media and any provider of the data contained in this website will not accept liability for any loss or damage as a result of your trading, or your reliance on the information contained within this website. It is prohibited to use, store, reproduce, display, modify, transmit or distribute the data contained in this website without the explicit prior written permission of Fusion Media and/or the data provider. All intellectual property rights are reserved by the providers and/or the exchange providing the data contained in this website. Fusion Media may be compensated by the advertisers that appear on the website, based on your interaction with the advertisements or advertisers. © 2007Fusion Media Limited. All Rights Reserved. Terms And Conditions Privacy Policy Risk Warning